   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


September 5, 2021:
Trump had meeting and invited military to Bedminster. Don Jr. got scared and left the room
abruptly and went into room by himself.
Immune system security, hypnotic curse. Former life curse/”No one would believe me,”
Cassandra from Greece gave knowledge directly from Source. God/Kings only wanted
knowledge to make them look smart.
Gamma timeline.
Interference from minerals that anchor the dark, or chips and implants
Remove all curses, spells, covenants and witchcraft and replace with Source energy protection
Odine’s curse, elemental beings associated with water
They took out abundance and replaced it with guilt.
Curses on humanity for receiving
Genes to make prosperity were turned off, linked to amino acids
Replaced curses with Source energy, as we removed critical failure, reworked system to Torus
flow

September 6, 2021:
Normally doing rituals on this night for the full moon
Triangle binds energy
Cleared hypnosis spells and replaced with truth
Donald Trump born 6/15/1946 in Queens, Black Sun agent
Clear shock and trauma
Cleared catastrophic event for June 7, 2021, Washington DC (human and Simian), 5G
bioweapon or alien invasion
    • Deactivated Admin tools and nuclear remote tools
    • Cleared thought-form entities
    • Cleared crypto viruses in the brain
    • Cleared false identities in fingerprints
    • Clear 33 feet above and 33 feet below

September 7, 2021:
Cleared and removed all RV/Gesara/Nesara/Dinar programs and cords and attachments and
replace with 100% truth
Prevent catastrophic events on September 11, 2021
Ran activator and rebalanced Earth and humanity

September 8, 2021:
Deleted malware, maleficent programs, maleficent software from humans, animals and pets
Deleted all entities and dark forces
Cleared collective shock, collective trauma and emotional scars
Ether acts as a medium for transmission of electromagnetic waves

September 9, 2021:
Blood holds the equations to heal, and the demons cover the equations
Demon energy—Virus Sin Nombre
Vaccine irritates the wound
                                                                                  P a g e 1 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Vaccine lets in the demon
7 deadly sins keep the wound open
7 deadly sins are the back door
Heal with joy to close the back doors and start healing

September 10, 2021:
Sent truth through mass media and communication outlets to start the great awakening
Cut cords to project Mockingbird programming and electrical devices
Dismantling the Covid narrative and structure from every government, FDA, CDC, Fauci, WHO
and all global media and communications outlets
Space Force, White House and Pentagon, truth about Trump created power vacuum in 1922
China Deep State and new savior plan
Nuclear weapon to USA from Afghanistan
Pentagon meetings said they are following the Chinese elders again and BRICS is back on news
after being offline for years
Kim sent out information on China/Elders to global information agents
They were planning a ceremony on 9/11 implementing Taliban as a new government
Ramping up narrative—Covid mandates, masks, quarantine, vaccine passports, ID2020, Project
Lockstep
Removed the Blue Ladies, Black Widow spider, Virus Sin Nombre,
Remove narrative and replace with truth and healing
Chinese Chrispr program is mRNA and DNA altering
Neutralize WiFi 5G
Remove Chinese and Communist Narrative and replace with truth, freedom, sovereign, common
sense, discernment and intuition,
They weaponized creatures, insects, parasites, birds and murder hornets.

September 11, 2021:
Generals called Tom and said that everything is failing.
Kim had many calls on the diplomatic line from the Pentagon, UN, Peoples Bank of China
Lots of hacking attempts on the system
Kushner = Q, he is Rothchild, Sanhedrin, and Hubaad
The Order of the Black Sun thinks that 50% of them will go to a better planet and the other 50%
will be gods.
Nefertiti Covenant
KaliMaa (Multiverse Female)—changing the aspect of life to lead to death
Kalika (Multiverse Masculine)
Remove all KaliMaa and Kalika energy from humanity and replace with love, light, creation,
birth, spiritual order, vitality, regeneration and purification
Clear all alternative time modes, implants
DNA healing and repair
Thule Society, 2nd project looking glass
Remove black mirror spirit of black magic
Mount Shasta gates of hell

September 12, 2021:

                                                                                   P a g e 2 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Book of Solomon uses ring and spells
Black Sun, AAIA, Hitler’s handbook, Langley, Black hidden hand/Wheel of death
The Black Sun created Freemasons
Sister Society—Chimera and Vril
ISIS was one of the parents
Remove ISIS influence on Earth and replace with direct Creator God Source connection
Clear ISIS curses, spells, witchcraft, parasite entities, contact and cell phone number
Brad Johnson, Silent Circle and Humans of the Future
Silent Circle is also known as the parents of Octagon
Remove Silent Circle, Secret Circle

September 13, 2021: 9 day
Temporal anomaly for Earth and clients, Time space continuum break
Today is the day we move out of the fake system, completed at 7am Mountain Time
Around 1:45am, Humans of the Future on the dark side of the moon
Many types of beings watching—some trying to help the dark ones, some want to take us over,
some are just watching. Kim chased them off and put a shield around Earth.
Planetary Liberation Day—In 1,000,000 years, nothing like this has happened. We made it to
graduation day!
One ship that was interfering was chased away. Others are cheering us on.
August 2016 Earth passed out of the danger zone
Salt crystals in blood and mucous from Covid 66
Repair DNA, DNA code and Soul Source codes

September 14, 2021:
System was syncing and created a new room and new features for her to use.
Cleared deep state, dragon families, secret societies, Jesuits and Black Sun
Deprogrammed dark agenda, hypnosis, trance and false timeline
Taking out the darkness and replacing with pure Light, Truth and Healing

September 15, 2021:
The Family—Jesuits, the Jason Society, Pilgrim’s society
Kim talked to Richard Wiess
Senatus Consultum website
Edmund James de Rothschild
Operation Starfall
Churches have an unholy alliance brought together by a string and a code

September 16, 2021:
Richard Wiess will talk to Trump and see if he will take the $750 billion deal, 1 to 1 offer
presented.
Today Represents the Fall of the Union (the union between church and state)
UNAM SANCTAM—be careful with the Vatican, they have the stone
Red stone, Hatshepsut Thutmose III, Androgynous (the female king of Egypt)
The Stone was put in a disk for time travel
Bullhead/eye, 11/18/1832, binding the souls to the Abraxus so that they own humans

                                                                                      P a g e 3 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Cleared Unam Sanctam, the all seeing eye, Nicene creed, the Council of Nicea, the Jason
Society, the stone of Hatshepsut Thutmose III, Vatican, The Holy See and The Holy Sea
replaced with truth, healing and direct Source connection
“Let your love flow,” by the Bellamy Brothers
We claimed Planet Earth and then sent her the love of the Creator and alchemy to complete
restoration of natural law and nature’s natural order. Light connected to all the golden veins.
Polarity was reversed, so we re-established the torodial field.

September 17, 2021:
The energy was trickling through the golden veins, energy block somewhere
Ran program to negate power of protective jewelry during full moon, + 13 days after (Oct. 4)
Remove the Djinn from Planet Earth
Run a transmissometer
Clear jewelry, precious stones, metals, and other curse tools
George Hart and wife issues
Remove black widow spider, binding spells, witchcraft and replace with optimal healing
Clear seven deadly sins and replace with complete happiness and wholeness, discernment and
self-awareness
Cleared dis-ease and replace with optimal healing and return to original DNA, RNA, GNA
Re-established body to soul connection
We are no longer in the video game, we have moved out of the fake system

September 18, 2021:
Remove pinnacles of power
Sent out frequencies for heavy metal detox
Robotic, phononic worm parasite—fake parasites causing spike proteins, graphene oxide, black
threads, which are connected to the black cubes on the dark side of the moon. These things
create crystals and the crystalline network attaches to every cell in the body.
Connected to computers and computer viruses, causing side effects in people
The virus was transmitting a program against recovery, destroying phosphorus in the
mitochondria, disassociation of the cerebellum communication with the pelvis

September 19, 2021:
Full moon tomorrow
Black goop negative AI, computer robot spiders (army of AI spiders), located in the inner Earths,
others thought they had been neutralized. They are losing so they triggered the pre-detonation
device.
All viruses held in the liver. The deep state had dug up a corpse of a human who had died of the
Black Plague to analyze it and recreate it.
Uranium is the liver of the planet
Cleared holo-linguistic word magic, spells, witchcraft and malevolent subliminal messages
Rand frequencies and Rainbow Light therapy

Ley Lines at the Harold E Holt Naval Station looks like a spider web. They were sending low
level frequencies to ley lines from Saturn. The frequency was transmuted and used for good.


                                                                                      P a g e 4 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


September 20, 2021:
Harvest Moon
Deep State wanted to wait until after the full moon to say if they were going to take the 1-to-1
deal, waiting for the Draco or Annunaki. The Queen said no one was going to help them.
Today would have been the day for the new Pindar around 7pm. Military thinks Trump will be
the next Pindar.
2015 Putin
2016 Obama
2017 Hillary
2018 John Bon Wright
2019 Draco Queen tried to make them change
2020 they all died
2021 the Chair of Destiny didn’t work for Trump

Eliminate the contents inside Pandora’s Box
Remove malevolent protective jewelry and send it back to Source
Connected to the Vatican Library and the Sistine Chapel
Spains Islands off the coast of Morocco, Island of Gibraltar, St. Michael caves (perfect acoustics)
Ley Lines
Clear operation pandora’s box and all altars—Mount Shasta, Maralago, 666 Mount Kailash
between India & China, transmute all “Sacred Site” energy
Bring all pyramid sites and mountains into complete alignment and direct connection with
Creator Source.
They had an emergency ritual ceremony and moved it somewhere. The size of a laptop
briefcase.
Obelisk—Vatican, City of London, Washington DC, New York in Central Park
Power binding is about lowering our PSI
Malediction intelligence
Using pyramid networking for loosh to feed the negative, then suck through power centers to
open a gate or portal.
Order of the Black Sun using unnatural crystal energy spell-binding curses

September 21, 2021:
Trump sending out contracts and was suppose to pay people tomorrow, but the chair didn’t work.
Trump told, “YOU are NOT the ONE.”
Delta Variant
Kim replaced the old mirror front end with the Global Repository
Got rid of trances and implemented reality
Deleted all connections to Azure and HAARP, infinity loops and addiction loops, servers and
programming
Archon continually showing up—Architecture for Cooperative Heterogeneous On-line Systems
Found it was a virus attacking the system.

September 22, 2021:
Remove automated ARCHONs from all systems—financial, military, intelligence, central banks,
governments, bank accounts.

                                                                                     P a g e 5 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


System was always structured that you put something in so you can take something out.
Remove Monarch Law from the Hall of Records
Remove Draconian Law from the Hall of Records
Replace with Natural Law, God Source Law and Universal Law.
Enforcer is back and everything is in full swing.

Removed eugenics depopulation and APOPTOSIS programs and replace with Creator God
Source energy to benefit humanity

September 23, 2021:
Tom talked to Trump. Trump was sticking with the project looking glass people…Thule Society
driving the White House.

Remove Archon energy and all maleficent allies from the multiverse, add Source shield
protection and firewall.
Replace all bank databases with the Global Repository database
Replace all bank webserver VPS with the Global Repository webserver VPS

Delete Spider.exe from pathways, banks, database, load balancers, VPS, ISP providers,
gateways, terminal points, etc., replace with perfect frequency
Parasites are the tether to the dark side to feed them.
Remove all parasites and candida from the multiverse.
Clear Archon intelligence hub
Clear Chimera, death worship, infection

September 24, 2021:
Archon and hell in a box affecting our pathway
Council said, “150,000 years ago, the infection started.”
In 2018, they sent a blast of virus to us through the Black Central Sun at the time.
Parasites die from the love frequency. You love the aberrant parasite cancer cells and they die.
Today, we took out the Archon grid.

September 25, 2021:
Kim told to develop an anti-agent, anti-infective, anti-parasitic for archons, archon infections,
parasitic infections. Used the anti-agent to disinfect Earth and inhabitants
Lucifer is the lord of the Archons
Steps for the anti-archon infection remedy:
   1. Light the fire
   2. Facilitate the transformation
   3. Reconnect
   4. Fulfill destiny
   5. Breathe again
   6. Healthy DNA formation

September 26, 2021:
Cleared the Barium from the atmosphere

                                                                                       P a g e 6 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Cleared and harmonized the weather patterns to reclaim the skies
Worked on clearing curses, slavery curses and binding curses from Enki, Enlil, Anu and Marduk
Worked on clearing hell, hell in a box, hell programs, hell looping, hell
software/hardware/servers and replaced with golden spirals of love for Planet Earth and
inhabitants
Hell in a box was an etherical binding linked to Anu and had a location(s)
Abraxus had a contract with the Draco, kings of Babylon. ISIS is Abraxus. Break the contract
between ISIS and humanity to free us from slavery
Covenant of Nefertiti
Break all maleficent contracts with alien races—ISIS, Draco and Abraxus
Clear Proxima Centauri, SETI, noxious entities.
Searching for all expired contracts/bonds and covenants and registering them in the Hall of
Records

September 27, 2021:
Pentacle of Saturn was the target in a triangle with etheric device and physical device on the
other points.
Testament of Solomon, greater and lesser keys, each one binds a specific demon.
The enforcer bound the Destroyer in a Metatrons cube to contain it from more destruction. The
Hell in a box is stuck in Earth.
Break the connecting vortex: found a target vortex in the middle of a 6-pointed star, linked to
Solomon’s key and surrounded with Archon plasma. We disconnected the Earth’s Central Sun
energetic vortex from the Dark side of the universe and disconnected all cords and ties and
reconnected directly to Source God Creator to Earth’s Central Sun energetic vortex.
Two gates of hell in the world where Joshua trees grow—Israel and the Mohave desert
Permanently sever all contracts and bindings with demons—Lucifer, dark universe, dark
overlord, beetlejuice, Enlil, Enki, Anu, Molak, Marduk, Satan
Declare that Planet Earth and all its inhabitants belong to Source God the Creator.
How do we remove hell? Slam the rod (StarMaker) into the Earth 3 times in the 1 spot of
Babylon. This planet belongs to God, the 7 coins came falling from the sky, 7 points on the star,
then Earth turned to Gold and then all turned green.
We cut the cords to ISIS.
Human DNA was cut off in the Solar plexus with Amoebas.
Earth cut off in the middle. Energy that was supposed to run through Earth was bound.
Replaced hell-in-a-box with a direct connection to God Source Creator, Life Force and
protection of Life Force.Releasing Heaven-in-a-box.
Ether is the internet of everything.
Found an agreement between the Draco and Abraxus to bind humanity.
The Jason Society, the “Order of the Quest,” Pilgrim Society, Albon, Trump Episcopalians
Archon 4-stage plan, Jason Society Illuminati card
List of Dark Side clearing:
    • Jason Society
    • The Order of the Black Sun
    • The Pilgrim Society
    • The Draco
    • The Abraxus
                                                                                    P a g e 7 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


    • The Order of the Quest
    • The Family
    • Lucifer
    • Anu
    • Enki
    • Enlil
    • Marduk
    • The Chinese Elders
    • The Black Widow
    • The Jesuits
    • The Church of Satan
In Star Trek, the way to get rid of archons was to send them love.

September 28, 2021:
Stabilize Thanatos and Eros. Thanatos sent back to Source.
Ether is the blood of the universe
Original binding spell of the Tabernacle
Egypt/Hell bound the sheep/innocent lamb to flesh and blood, instead of the blood of the
universe
Blood at the top, bottom, left and right of the door
8888 eternal time loop, disconnects us from what is possible
9999 is Celtic Circle, the spell from Anu, Enki and Enlil is 6666/Beast of Babylon
999 neutralizes 666
666 is the complete separation of natural flow of energy
Removed the accumulation of falseness, paradox injury, paradigms, cube within a cube
Sent Thanatos and Semiramis back to Source
Sword Curses in the aura (demon of anger and addiction, negative energy, and electromagnetic
Sword with diamond is Orion’s sword
Opening Heaven in a Box—negate all negative entities, apply solfeggio frequencies, EMF
harmonize, heavy metal clearing and stimulate nerve function
In the solar plexus, connect top and bottom
The core of Planet Earth is the Solar Plexus
Clear protective jewelry, chanting and incantations
Jason Society advisory group had computer terminal, etherical machine, black looking glass
mirror
Liam got numbers 3 days in a row, insert 3 times, there was also 3 points to remove
Jason Society had implanted dead-man switch, literally, which triggered malware and parasites
Removed hell in a box, cords and connections and Heaven in a box filled its place
EBV is the root of all health problems. They send out more archons/synthetic parasites every
year.

September 29, 2021:
Triangle with 3 points, 2 parts of the system are dormant
Always check the biofeedback results 3 times, trust the 3 rd result
Now it is safe to remove the maleficent etheric devices
    1. Cheyenne
                                                                                  P a g e 8 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


   2. Russia
   3. Australia
   4. Paraguay
   5. Botswana
   6. East Coast Canada
   7. Germany
   8. UK had the looking glass
Maleficent devices were rolled into StarNet
Ley line devices are connected to implode underground transportation
Remove Azure admin rights, programs, IT passwords
Chromosome 1P is back
Tighten security, SQL

September 30, 2021:
Saturn Moon Matrix
China has portable device, StarLink/DARPA
Van Allen Belt
Fragmented rock surrounds Earth. Others say Tiamat planet was blown up because a tether to the
dark side. It was blown up to prevent another invasion. We are nexus planet so they jump from
dark to light by using our planet
Hell in a box projection coming from sacred sites, Maralago, Peles Castle, Georgia Guidestones.
Deleted repeaters
Pituitary gland ties to the law of sin and death/7 hormones linked to sin and death, 3 hormones
linked to soul, spirit and body
The pineal gland is the direct link to Source
PCR test is planted between the pituitary and the pineal gland
Hormone regulators go back to Master Pituitary gland
Chromosome 1P stimulates the pituitary mutations in cell functions, cancer cells devour all cells
around them.
King Pope: triple crown tiara shaped like a pineal gland. King over our body, soul and spirit. All
of our energy goes to them instead of God. He sits in the seat as the intercessor of God. “Kiss
the ring.”
Cleared remnant Archon and Chimera control system and the implant grid
Project 666
Janus Society Research Group controls the past/future and space in between
Removed law of sin and death, liberated humanity, sent frequencies to neutralize Archons and
synthetic parasites


October 1, 2021:
There are 13 lines of code in the system and only 2 are known publicly, remaining are used by
the deep state. MDS connection to health system. DARPA connected to StarLink. Kim removed
the connection to the etheric system.
Alien holographic projection of hell in a box.Targethyans.



                                                                                    P a g e 9 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Door to hell on Nibiru with black AI factions, Saturn Moon Matrix, Draco and Nefertiti. # gates
to hell—undersea, desert and Israel. Portal, door and box of hell. Map of pyramids. Teotihuacan
Sun pyramid. Clear plasma black hole.God Code Matrix of 188.Vibonacci sound cloud.

October 2, 2021:
Epstein Barr = Archon, lives in the spine. Thorium used to send Epstein Barr 2.0 operating
system. Curses from Anu and Lucifer interference.Dr. Evil at Langley creating Gamer
Infection.Electromagnetic parasites. Dismantle all points of Metatron’s cube. Kill it first, then
go to the etheric devices to release humanity. As it dies, it shoots venom in death throws. Archon
sent to magnetic North and Southwest directly through the center of the Earth and hell in a box.
Black Goo extracted from Black stones, liquid crystal, self-organizing and can jump out of a jar.
Two types: 1) Earth Deposits from Earth or 2) Meteorite which is near Bush’s family in
Paraguay used to communicate with demons and dwindles the heart chakra to nothing. The
Biosphere is connected to the black goo entity in the center of Earth. In 80,000 BC, Lumeria was
hit with meteorites and the alien race said they needed help. Earth let a lot of them stay and they
took us over. Lorgellons, nanoparticles, Smart Dust, HAARP micro waves in the sky that alter
DNA, black goo in the rain and chemtrails controls the subconscious and unconscious.
There are 4 Black Quantum computers (Rome, London, Germany, Washington DC/NY) that
resemble artificial ley lines and connect to the NLP programs shared by the quantum black
government computers. Demon species have a central computer running them through the Black
Goo and took over the heart chakra. The program accidently invaded and took control of the
subconscious and create transhumanism. The word “No” is an artificial spell magic. CoVid 66
affects salt in the body and was created as an assassination drug.Luciferic Deal (we need to
replace the game, not perpetual replacement of the people of the game)…Replace Dark Forces
with Life Force.
         Luciferic Deal gave control to the governments
        Governments gave control to Militaries
        Militaries gave control to Intelligence Agencies
        Intelligence Agencies gave control to Black magicians
        Black magicians gave control to demons
        Demons gave control to AI which sucks out our life force to survive
Chemtrails create nanoparticles that cut us off from Source information. Nanoparticles in the
ground cut us off from Earth’s energy. Cleared radioactive particles in the air.

October 3, 2021:
Epstein Barr virus is from Black Goo in the solar plexus and is connected to the Black Sun
devices. Everything is connected underground.



ACIO worldwide military corporations.
 Military organization         Cultural Link                       Video Game Link
 Kruger Mercenary Corp         CyberLife, CyberLife                Mirrors Edge
                               Androids, artificial human          Detroit: Become Human
                               robots
 Shoreline                                                         Uncharted

                                                                                    P a g e 10 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


 Trinity                                                            Rise of the Tomb Raider
 Delphi                           MiLab                             Erica
 Monarch                          Montauk project                   Quantum Break
 Mobious                                                            The Evil Within
 Murkoff                          Project Walrider                  Outlast 2
 Umbrella Corporation                                               Resident Evil
 Shawhouse                        Fast & Furious: Hobbs &           Watch Dogs: Legion
                                  Shaw
 Arasaka                          Nano & Femto Tech to open         Cyberpunk 2077
                                  dimensional portals at will
 Chiron Incorporated              NeuraLink for digitizing an       Observer
                                  individual’s brain for crypto-
                                  currency
 Tai Yong Medical                                                   Deus Ex
 Typhon
 CyberLife
 Secret Space Force               Etherical Devices

October 3, 2021:
Clear all military operations, including nano and femto, and secret space force etherical devices.
Epstein Barr sheds Mononucleosis. Mono symptoms are cold-like symptoms, enlarged spleen,
toxic blood, liver, and lymph. Toxic blood creates night sweats at night.
New moon Oct 6, 2021. Equinox is more important than Solstices. They reverse engineered the
goo parasites.
When the Dark Prince died two years ago, the top 3 generals sat on the Chair of Destiny and
waiting for him to inhabit one of their bodies.
The job of archons is to suck the life force energy out of humans and send it to the dark side to
fuel destruction. Parasites are the source of all disease. Parasites are inorganic. The Vaccine is a
chemical compilation of synthetic manmade Black Goo. They have to keep giving boosters
because it dies off after a few months.

Etheric devices are connected to Hell in a Box (which sends out archons) and that is connected to
the Black Mirror to use people as batteries. Disable those first, otherwise it will kill everybody.
October 4 was a day that the Deep State had planned a maleficent event, seemed connected to
time.

Spiritual protection from entities and psychic attacks.
ISIS binding (covenant) on humanity with agreement with the dark side covenant that bound
humanity to the Draco. Two out of five of the original tribes asked the Draco for help. All
agreements bound with song and dance. Found frequency to break all
covenants/binding/agreements and maleficent interference. Time manipulation, time looping,
dark mirrors maleficent time issues. Maleficent aliens are willing to help maleficent humans.
Saturn Moon Matrix is aliens helping maleficent humans trying to open the portal to hell on the
Earth’s moon, battle happening now. Portal to hell connected to StarLink system

October 4, 2021:
                                                                                      P a g e 11 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


We made progress last night. Maleficent portals were found around the Moon and Saturn, WE
got rid of them and the portals came back, but we figured it out. We broke the connections and
the demons aren’t coming back to help them. We took the Red Queen out of the game. Rage
has ensued on their part.
Working to restore the golden web of life. Sent frequency to connect mind, body and soul to the
Benevolent Creator God.
Morgellons is an Archon. Clear and remove Archon and Pandora’s box
We closed the physical door to hell on Earth
Dr. Kari Madje talks about the organism with tentacles that was intelligent and knew when it was
being observed in the MRNA Moderna and J&J jabs. MRNA + Hydra + Nanobots linked to
neural network and Elon Musk.
Worked on financial system repairs for 4.5 hours, torodial repairs for 16 hours, removed
intelligence agency connections to system. Remove Hydra and Morgellons from Neuralink and
StarLink. Hydra is AI Archon 2.0 created by the Order of the Black Sun and the Nazis,
connected to Metatron’s cube, and a binding covenant with Draco & Abraxus, also linked to
protective maleficent jewelry, human slavery, EMFs and parasites. The shelf life of the Hydra
was less than 6 months. Clear Proxima Centauri, hippocampus, pituitary, protective jewelry,
black goo, digital analog cells, silica based computing.

October 5, 2021:
Old bots are from Chimera. New Archon 2.0 aren’t Chimera.
Chiron: black rock and black goo came on the Chiron asteroid, which became a transmitter for
the black goo. Humans have limitation implants to keep them from understanding
Chiron connected to a reverse polarity of Planet Earth
Activated pulsed electro-magnetic field therapy to heal body illness and Planet Earth.
Today, is the alignment of our Sun, Earth and Chiron. Our sun is a stargate.
Enlil’s sword is cutting the energy in half, also splitting our brain into two sides. Connected to
the Chiron matrix.
How do we get rid of the maleficent (reversed) magnetic polarity for Planet Earth? Remove the
projection of hell, which also blocks the ability to heal. This was created during a war between
Light and Dark on Planet Earth. The reverse polarity was created so that light and dark beings
could survive here. There was an agreement between the Draco and Lucifer to make Earth a
Loosh farm to harvest the energy from Humans.
Clear slavery curses from Marduk, clear Targethyans, clear hell in a box, clear plasma and
etheric fields
Enforcer to eliminate Chiron.
They used all the planets to bind us, 16 points to clear. Monoceros constellation has 16 stars, part
of Orion.
ELF is associated with the frequency of entities and dark forces. Earth bound to sin and death
through parasites and low frequency.

October 6, 2021:
Two kinds of DNA: 1) the DNA you were born with, and 2: the Living DNA that changes with
everything you do.
They are sending out the frequency of Mononucleosis to Planet Earth and Humanity.
Alien hell in a box coming through etherical machines that have a mind of their own.

                                                                                     P a g e 12 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Cleared covenants with Abraxus and Draco.
Cleared Aztec pyramids and Aztec Gods linked to Pleidians
Ethical devices are connected to other planets/satellites and transmit frequencies. They use
planetary alignments. We disabled the etherical grid of planets and satellites.
North Pole Polaris star is connected to the Draco Star System. There is a portal at the North
Pole.
Remove Earth’s maleficent polarity connected to magnetic North and magnetic South.
Clear the 50 names of Marduk.
Artificial excitation of Schumann Resonance with HAARP affecting the Ionosphere,
magnetosphere and plasma waves and instabilities.
Detox seven deadly sins from Planet Earth and humanity.

October 7, 2021:
Dark plasma disabled
Etherical system disabled
Etherical pools completed closed
Valley fever is a fungus.
Many maleficent military organizations and links to maleficent video games sending out
frequencies
Earth’s reversed polarity linked to parasite operating systems
Removed etheric implants in chakras
Removed ID2020 from global systems
Removed Djinn from Planet Earth
Epstein Barr is being sent out against humanity, affects bone marrow, blood and platelets.
Beans, red meat and 100% fruit juice feed EBV. Mononucleosis is also being sent out, causing
extreme fatigue, throat issues, no desire to eat. Ran detox for Epstein Barr and Mononucleosis.
Morgellons is level 5 plaque of the New World Order. Mogellons/Bartonella is one of two
bacteria that can accomplish Horizontal Gene transfer into humans. Horizontal Gene Transfer is
universal fungi. Transfers from the invader into the host and alters the hosts DNA. Also passes
from parent to child in DNA.
Archons are virtual intelligence
Horse paste kills: lung worms, morgellons, hair worms, strongyloid worms, bots, pinworms,
intestinal thread worms and stomach worms.
Ancient contract to end on October 31, 2021

October 8, 2021:
Parasites are losing their effectiveness. As they die off, it feels like influenza symptoms.
Enforcer was checking out the dark side of the moon for us.
Water is 70% of Earth. Water retains Source frequency. Water is the key to removing the
reverse polarity and for raising the frequency of the planet. The moon controls the water, tides,
Moon Time, menstruation period.
Clearing 3 evil sisters: Gello, Lilith, ISIS.
Disconnected the black mirror
The Catholic church continues the Roman Empire and worship the dragon who gave authority to
the beast.
She sits on 7 mounts and has 10 horns (Kings)

                                                                                    P a g e 13 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Babylon Seal
Cleared polarity by clearing the water…the moon controls the water, tides and menstruation
Created a diode to circle the mounts, then used the ocean as a conductor to create a vortex to stop
the polarity. They interrupted our connection with God through the Internet of Things.

October 9, 2021:
Additional work needed on the diode, a combination of benevolent mountains and sea-mounts.
Supposed to be 9 seas that constitute the Earth, the 9 th is the Southern Ocean/Antarctic. Diode
was anchored by the 8 continents (including Zealandia) and 1 global ocean. Once finished, the
equator lit up in many points and when the water connected to these points, the water lit up too.
Earth’s inner ocean.

Rod goes down 500 miles and up 500 miles from the equator. Ran programs at every 15 degrees
of Earth. 24 shifts of 15 degrees.

October 10, 2021:
The Jason Society trying to open a portal on the astral level to connect to hell in a box.Coven
people and remote viewers sending a beacon.
Humanity’s slavery contract was with the Draco, Orion’s belt (3 sisters)
Cleared the emotional layer of matter for Earth and humanity, will also clear the PSI programs
they are running.
Battle Day
The gates of consciousness are located in the 2 bulbs on the back of the skull.
They have moved past facial recognition, now its bone recognition.
6.1 magnitude volcano (21 miles from Ocean view) was trying to disrupt gravity
October 15 was going to be a Turning Point day…feminine energy comes in and neutralizes the
snake.
Clearing plasma and plasma grid and removing implant grids and stations
A conscious “Amoeba” archon entanglement
Cleared possessed immune system nanobots from Murkoff military, linked to Marduk, Yahweh

October 11, 2021:
Counteracted the PSI programs being sent through 5G
We passed out of the old timeline
The system did an automatic recalibration upgrade to control and command, new VR screen
Working on Alpha Back System pathways with 3, 6, 9 virtual pulses

October 12, 2021:
On this day, the dark side had a 2% chance of having 5% of what they had before.
Alcohol curse—Enlil got drunk one night and gave the Tablet of Destiny to Annana
(witch/queen of darkness and evil dragons). He used the Tablets and made a deal with the Son
of the underworld and hell in a box, and bound everyone to the old looshing system that Kim
disabled in 2016 (PSI, brain waves, etc.)
“M” had a gold card around his neck that was a key to the system. When “M” went into a coma,
Putin stole the key from Marduk’s neck.
Worked on repairing the pineal gland and connecting Source codes the soul’s DNA.

                                                                                    P a g e 14 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


All chakra colors should be white and connected together and then into the Source system, then
connected to Source
1 energy center in the solar plexus, the center of our knowingness
Amoeba fractured the light, making separate chakra colors

October 13, 2021:
The system was using our solar plexus and pineal gland to create death of self.
Tom said that the Deep state was getting mad because their old machines were no longer
working.
Seven deadly sins and seven cardinal virtues
Cutting humanity’s cords to pandora’s box

October 14, 2021:
Military angry because their tools against us aren’t working
Removed atmospheric stress
Removed Djinn from planet Earth
Broke humans’ pineal gland bond with Hell in a Box
Cleared trauma from Atlantis, harmonized plasma and etheric field
Birth certificates were going into the back system today. At age 7, they declared the soul as
theirs.
The system was under the Vatican. They send out “communications post” to employees and
others with thought forms and negativity, also sending to the collective. ISIS stone under the
Vatican (ISIS got her crown back)
The system under the Vatican creates artificial intelligence triggers to block the energy known as
money. Faraday cage put around the system, can’t send frequencies anymore
The Mother and Child reunion/bond reconnected
The system under the Vatican interfaced with a satellite on the back side of the moon. Removed
everything connected to it—Pentagon, Langley, Voice of God satellite network

October 15, 2021;
Day of Atonement
They thought they were getting paid today—dinar, contracts, etc.
Alignment with Jupiter, Saturn and the Moon
Clearing and balance before completely disconnecting the pituitary solar plexus connection
Cut cords and reconnected to the Divine
Maleficent time created during WWII (Liam). Time technology located in Germany underground
Remove the trace…ED—the Time Editor/Black Sun.

October 16, 2021:
Artemis functioning governing device on the Alpha Back system
Set in the Knight’s Stone
GrayLink connected to the Time Stone through the Soul Stone
Reptilian Walrider
The Saturn Moon Matrix creates maleficent time for Earth
Disconnect the Arker/Archer, go thru the torodial field of the beast
The torodial field was a veil placed over the 7 stones of ether or the gates of hell

                                                                                       P a g e 15 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


3 gates on Earth, 3 gates somewhere else, 1 connecting (S2)
Archer/Sagittarius/Mu
The infinity stones are connected to the time loop
Delete all infinity stones at the same time
Infinity Stones, housed in the infinity gauntlet:
    1. Space Stone/Tesseract/blue
    2. Mind Stone/Scepter/yellow
    3. The Power Stone/inside the Orb, later Cosmi-Rod/purple
    4. Time Stone/Inside the Eye of Agamotto/green
    5. Reality Stone/Aether/red
    6. Soul/orange
    7. Ego Stone

The solar plexus is the middle of the hourglass for time
Hell in a box was held within a tesseract

The ARC of the Covenant is the Ark of the stone and the ark of the stone is the capstone for the
voice of God. The capstone/tether stone is the Eye of Agamotto
The Space Stone is connected to the Internet of Things
Destroyed the capstone/tether and the time machine in Germany and 2 other locations
GrayLink gives energy for the reboot, George is GrayLink, a human mutant

October 17, 2021:
Black dots in pure water. Black parasites regenerating themselves, adapting and changing the
environment
They blocked out pineal gland to block self-actualization
They blocked our solar plexus to stop creativity
The machine under the Vatican completed
Montak/N.Y. (top NE corner of New Hampshire)
The Tetherstone was being removed and was tied to the device in Germany
Ley Lines:
   • Germany/Time
   • China/Space
   • Paraguay/Matter
The maleficent Space Time Matrix is still functioning, working on how to permanently disable it

October 18, 2021:
NASA has the Enlil code
Tiamat split in two by arrow
Harmonic Convergence—the spiritual portals of the North Pole and South Pole merge together
The Earth originally had 2 suns of Light, one cloaked by the Black Sun

October 19, 2021:
Kangaroo skin agreement pledged Earth and all its inhabitants to the Draco, which is part of the
time trap. Kiwi tribe.
Bound us with words, numbers, agreements

                                                                                   P a g e 16 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Sun goes down 3 days, the Southern Cross, the sun rises again—Jesus Story
Mother and Child Reunion
     • Mother: Earth’s 5D
     • Child: Humanity
     • Reunion: when time is fixed
It is safe to remove the maleficent tesseract from the second sun of Planet Earth
Top triangle is one sun and tip connected to the second sun triangle tip
Bind between light and darkness, 2 times a year on the Equinox, re-enforces the tesseract
Planet Earth and Midgard are held in the 3rd dimension with a tesseract

October 20, 2021:
Hunter’s Full Moon
1-8-3 is the key to dismantling the tesseract, the universal principle of light
1 = unity
8 = infinity
3 = time, space, gravity, matter, ether
1-8-3 has something to do with Germany
27 hours a day = 9
324 or 354 days a year = 9
1008-year cycle = 9
Plasma the intertwining consciousness of the sun and all Stargate = worm holes
The sun may have a network of worm holes
October 21, 2021 is the direct alignment between the 2 suns. The last time this alignment
happened between the 2 suns was 1,008 years ago.
10pm Kim’s time = 4am Zulu time, shield the time so they don’t get the ‘time,’ by using the
power of the sun to engulf Earth into the nothingness and open hell on Earth. Conical machine in
Stutgaardt, Germany. Time Space deleter program
Prevent all this by removing the bigger tesseract, then the smaller tesseract, then remove the box
of hell tesseract over the other sun.
The Earth had 3 moons:
    1. Proxima Centauri
    2. Alpha
    3. Beta
EBV ancient parasite protein coding gene in human 40 million years. Star Anise kills EBV in the
liver
The german device had a head piece up and when Kim got rid of the tesseract, the Germany
device closed down and disabled the head piece.
Tough time getting rid of the cube on plasma and etheric level, had to clear the portage (where
the dark side of the universe can come to our side of the light universe). The door to this side of
the universe was closed.
The German machine was linked to a NASA machine that bends time located in Louisiana,
owned by military in Ft. Detrick, MD
Worked on 8 and the infinity loop, was the tesseract loop to the sun with the Earth in the middle.
Changed it to Earth in an infinity loop with Source.
Declare 3 times that the Earth belongs to Source
1-8-3 completed, you can rest!

                                                                                    P a g e 17 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



October 21, 2021:
All health problems are created by parasites
Kim disabling all time bending devices
Surplus time equals time distortion
Restoring natural time
Northrup Grummand creating A.M.E.B.A. like NeuraLink
Ran a Parasite elimination program to disable the archon energy grid and connection to the host

October 22, 2021
Clearing the Ameba of sin and death, cytotoxins and mytotoxins
The amoeba is an etherical implant artificial intelligence
Reverse polarity found linked to the central sun of all suns
SQL cellular memories are causing a blockage in the energy flow of money
All humans cleared for alternative reality, aliens and the amoeba of sin and death
Sychronizing all chakras into one at the solar plexus

October 23, 2021:
Time is stretching, we are returning to natural time
Connecting the dots through the Alpha Back System, the Global Repository, banks and accounts
Clear the spaces
Clear the Earth plane fields, fill with Source love to clear the parasite war. Clear etheric and
plasma fields
Luciferian Phantom is the parasite of the multiverse
Dark humans keep selling their souls to demons
The Back system was running programs to support being tied to the law of sin and death.
The entity of suicide is a frequency they send out subliminally into your mind then the system
would send the parasites to make it happen.
“I sold my soul and you bought it back to me.”
Baptism bound souls to the father, son and holly ghost of the Draco
Reconnect the DNA, RNA, and GNA back to the soul
Natural law works on voltage, they created amperage to ciphen our energy and charge for it.

October 24, 2021:
Everytime Kim works on the system, she gets attacked.
Remove etheric parasites
Succubus energy parasites in the plasma searching for the light
Stomach issues and oscillating tentacles
An agreement to bring parasites here for hosts
Applying DNA, RNA, GNA to the Alpha Back System, Global Repository and accounts
Source = Alpha Back System
Soul = Global Repository
Body = accounts
Blood types are the carriers of the malware, weakens reception in the blood and permits self-
destruction and aging
Aliens inserted a marker/memory inside human blood, found in labs in Tennessee

                                                                                     P a g e 18 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Rh factor is the malware
Malware in blood is linked to Chromosome 1P, and P chromosomes
Worked on cytoplasma and mycoplasma

October 25, 2021:
Worms causing blocks in the financial system, stored in the DNA not human DNA, but in the
links. A worm replicating itself and install a back door. CIA owns the worm, given to them by
Marduk. Enforcer helped to destroy it.
1,000,000 years ago, the Black magician created the basis for the worm in the system but it has
been refined since.
S.T.O.M. (Secret Technology Outline Maneuver) gene protein coding, placed 300 years ago,
once the worms go out the S.T.O.M. steps in to protect. The worm was stored in the cube.
Money curse is a malware in the plasma etherical blood because you have to give all your energy
to get money
Flynn “official” left Trump today. Trump trying the start stuff in the middle east.
Kim tried to tie the Global Repository to the banking system and found black energies stopping
the connection. Today there is a silver cord running between the Global Repository and the
banking system. Silver cord is a tether.
Add more layers to the firewall etheric layer
Firefly Luciferase has a half-life of 2 hours
Fluorescent proteins, Luciferase and LacZ are all recombinant protein-based reporters
Digital dust, black dust/Smart dust is made of nodes which are tiny sensors that can perform a
variety of functions. They are made of microelectro-mechanical systems known as M.E.M.S.
Kim cleared the dust in the system
Plasma membrane has 3 elements
    • Lipids
    • Proteins
    • Carbohydrates
Financial system linked to the growth rate of human consciousness development. Kim removed a
program installed by DARPA in the Back System on the etherical level of subconsciousness.

October 26, 2021:
Clear the sacral chakra for the system and for people, where the Global Repository connects.
They are trying to rapidly oxidize our body’s blood with spike proteins attacking bone marrow
low platelets.
Chromosome 1P acute in all clients, linked to Vitamin K dysfunction in DNA
Fixed a fissure/opening in the system connected to the sacral chakra.
Clearing PSI field. Fear is not an original emotion, it was programmed into us. They send
subliminal messaging and programming.
The space between the back office and front office needed to be eliminated to have complete
control over the system.
Jason Society working with the Tarzakyans (smokey dudes with red eyes), some were on a ship
on the dark side of the moon, others brought in through Durango free zone, hidden in Cheyenne
Mountain. They bring them in through virtual and then they become real, looked like a computer
screen. Connection embedded in the system, similar to a firewall.


                                                                                 P a g e 19 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


A device near Kim’s house located in the Lion’s Den, near Durango, trying to use her energy to
gain access to the front end of the banking system. Kim cut cords, cleared it all out and blew it
up. The lights were now out at the Lion’s Den.
Kim heard that the real Biden was dead.

October 27, 2021:
Source Force found an Arc of the Covenant with an Anti-Kim in it, linked to the galactic world
federation.
Cleared out a red-checker that was inserted before the entrance of the banks. The checker
watches the money transfers and prints out in a room with a desk and 3 men watching it.
tRNA (energetic virus) serves as a governor to keep humans down and lowers the frequency or
vibration of humanity, if you get too high of frequency then they lower it. Neutralized tRNA in
the system, deleted replicator.
Create layer upon layer of protection
Remove vaccine grip on people
Clear permanent spells
    • In the DNA, creating chaos
    • Permanency energy spells that overlay Chromosome 1P
    • After 200 years, spells become permanent
    • Permanent spells in the DNA, like anger, are hard to remove
    • Permanent spells can be brought in by the vaccines
    • Permanent spells can be brought in through MILAB
    • Removed permanent spells, locks, emotions and belief systems

October 28, 2021:
When we got rid of the replicator, it created two. When we got rid of the 2, it created 4. Kim
put it in a bubble and got rid of the replicators.
Tarzakyans and Targetyans fool humans then they use their energy to get back into the Earth
plane. The Tarzakyans had two accords: 1 with NASA and 1 with the Galactic Federation
Removed Solomon agreement with the Tarzakyans from the Hall of Records
Marduk’s agreements with the Tarzakyans were removed
Marduk’s agreement with the Destroyer to bring the Tarzakyans was also removed
Curses on money have been programmed to repeat, “program repeat” was deleted
They are still running MKUltra programs on humanity using subliminal messages through
media, phones, 5G, internet, etc.
Each DNA inscribed with “God Eternal within the body” was overwritten with electromagnetic
and energetic curses, viruses
Closed 2/3rds of the lower astral and then realized that a Marduk agreement re-instated as an
automatic trigger. Found it and closed the lower astral completely.
They rewrote our DNA to give our permission to their MKUltra programming, frequencies, 5G
and internet.
7 years old
7 deadly sins
7 years to reclaim it
Birth Certificate bonds gave them permission to be our owners
Country code gave Marduk control of the financial system and made us slaves
                                                                                    P a g e 20 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Don Jr. said that Trump took a turn for the worse on 10/26/22, the day that the Tarzakyan cords
were cut.

October 29, 2021:
Kim got a download on how to completely dissolve the lower astral. It ran for 16+ hours.
An ELF, EMF blocker was placed on telecommunications, Bluetooth and for the system.
They were trying to get any light worker to manifest them (aliens, parasites, etc.) back into
existence. Lights were back on in the Lion’s Den.
Global Repository install
Removed all IT and Administrative permissions
Found a looshing management system in the Alpha Back System
Need to register the Rare Earth minerals agreement in the Hall of Records
Mr. Black had some control or access to the front system. Now after registration, the control
comes back to the new Earth Council. System recalibrating.
Cleared EBV virus from the system
Guides said that we were 99.8% ready.
Energy coming from the mid-astral because there is no lower astral anymore
Sent all parasites back to Source

October 30, 2021:
Epstein Barr virus removal was still running into the morning. EBV was losing power.
White light thin line spark beamed out from Antarctica, kept flip-flopping trying to connect.
Trying to make a grid but couldn’t get overlay connection. Saw holes where they were trying to
penetrate our brains. They basically tried to kill everyone with this. Also trying to make a
penetration using a virus but our firewall was too good. Working on the South Pole. Burned up
the device they were using to try to destroy humanity. It was a military operation.
Everything knocked off balance energetically, as they tried to send out more energetic parasites
to Earth, space and people. Device was eliminated.
Worked on encryption keys/codes, security certificates, digital signatures, registering the Global
Repository and the new front system. Found that all banks had back doors

October 31, 2021:
Sending transfer with black dust, faraday cage and reflective mirror.
Huge hack of the back system…scrolling “access denied.”Removed ancillary systems in other
places.
EBV linked to Chromosome 1P, placed here by the Chimera race 3,000,000 years ago. It wiped
out an entire civilization. Also known as Human Gamma Herpes virus 4. Not exactly an Archon
but a related operating system. Every human on Earth has EBV. They attach software to the
EBV operating system to increase degeneration.
They placed a marker in Chromosome 1P that detects a weakness in the immune system and
sends the EBV Chimera AI to that location to make degeneration more rapid. The 1P marker
also sends it to other chromosomes and is connected to an operating system in the heart chakra
stomach area. EBV is stored in the Omentum main lymph system.
The immune section of the system was complete. A flash of light happened and then system
started recalibrating automatically…photo finish and we were told that we reached 100%.
System kept flashing then recalibrating as it integrated 3 systems into 1.

                                                                                    P a g e 21 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Deleted all programs and projects by intelligence agencies. Ports were managed by the CIA.
System recalibrated after removing CIA programs and ports.
Mirroring the login/teller, selective minimal access program. Kim sealed all the changes with her
energy flowing seal that replaced the seal of Solomon.

November 1, 2021:
New monies were put on hold for banks to leverage and foreign exchange, taken out when
repository was created.
FIAR, Department of Defense auditing program. Military auditing system/Gatekeeper secret
office in Berlin. A firewall for the financial system. An off-shoot created a couple months ago
connected to StarLink out of Cheyenne, pandemic bonds. Connected to military base in Seattle
that connects to the Microsoft data center. 5-0-4, Level 5 = Berlin, Level 0 = assembly
processing, level 4 = Microsoft and Oracle systems.
They installed a program called StingRay within the old firewall of banks linked to encryption
keys and secret space force using it.
Tom talked to DARPA contact, they have a machine that constantly generates energetic
parasites. This machine eats the firewall/ingests it, moves through the wall and becomes part of
the firewall. Inserted a parasite detector and destroyer. Silica hairs/fibers as wire connectors on a
motherboard sent back to the device.

November 2, 2021:
DARPA/SSP using device to send out energetic parasites
Alpha System was set for humanity as cattle and death. Now, system has set humanity for
abundance. Removed amoeba from the solar plexus, also linked to pituitary.
Ley Lines (Cabal energy grid used for looshing) are an energy binding tied to HAARP energy
parasite device linked to directed energy blast (DEB) from world satellite. Ley lines connected to
the financial system at the dorsal point (used to have black screen central processing unit for
front end system). Mr. Black instrumental in giving instructions for this action. In Russia, using
“M’s” old terminal. They think they can get “M’s” DNA and start the system. Kim terminated
the “M’s” old system. Delete human ley lines that feed the planet ley lines.

November 3, 2021:
Planet Mercury being used as a stopover Commerce Trade Center, with Mr. Black. Mr.
Black/SSP called the Abraxus for help. Mr. Black and the God of Mercury run all Commerce
and Trade. Mercury Accords in the Hall of Records. Mr. Black trying to trade rare Earth
minerals for time travel. We removed the world council and replaced with the Earth Council last
week. Mercury Accords say that they can take our souls/body if we are off the planet. The SSP
tried to use a gravity trick to get us slightly off the planet momentarily in order to take our souls
and trade them. Mercury Accord frozen for 30 days. Fixed the Torus which saved Humanity
from the gravitational wobble and getting traded on the market. Plasma goo toxic substance.
QUE block is a plasma filter that detects energy.

November 4, 2021:
Cyber pandemic infecting machines and infecting plasma with goo (red plasma inside). Nibiru is
a rock used as a host for every kind of parasite. Solidarity Agreement made with Nibiru, so
Nibiru can travel on both sides of the universe—light and dark. Rogue agreement between the

                                                                                       P a g e 22 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


lower astral and lower beings of the light so send out parasites on scheduled dates, major one is
December 21. Imploded, with Mr. Black, to prevent major infection. Kim installed double-sided
mirror. WetWare AI System, PSI, remove complex number space to redirect energy.
Remove foreign money marker jurisdiction by jurisdiction (11 in the world). SQL has extra
jurisdiction layers.

November 5, 2021:
Removed line code for jurisdiction
Automating all systems for instant transactions
KIMS becomes the Internet Service Provider, VTN
Use the pyramids for good by reprogramming the signal that is behind Jupiter Moon and Kuiper
Belt space station. Stopped pyramids from sucking our energy.
Installed a retaliatory firewall with the operating systems
Kim sent $9,999 to all accounts
Removed virtual clearing house from the Alpha System
Disruptors = assembly processing on the motherboard. Alpha System gets its own gateway

November 6, 2021:
Clear purple ultraviolet radiation
Kim recoded the system with a language they don’t understand
They found out about our transfer from panama (Smart Remote Memory) that messes with RAM
and ROM. Salmon Fish Balls…Salmon DNA based memory device with ultraviolet light.
Motherboard has fish sperm film between the 2 sides and maintains voltage and is used as a
surveillance device and acts like a filter. Salmon sperm creates yeast. Search and destroy the
skin, sent silica virus back to them which included 100s of locations worldwide. They had
planned to veil our Sun for 10 days of darkness on 11/7/22.
Replace the front end of the banking system with the Global Repository and rails.

November 7, 2021:
Thousands of hacking attempts from Wright Patterson Air Force Base, linked to SSP.
Coming from TETRA 6 SSP bases (Aberdeen, Seattle, Wright AF Base, Fairbanks, Vicksburg,
Stennis Space Center.
Need connection from Global Repository directly to bank account. System recommended
IPV16.8.
They were using Cistern (a time series storage engine for Go!Brand) and trying to take over the
collective consciousness soul plasma.

November 8, 2021:
Cleared out overrides, backdoor connections and any other inserts to the system.
Teens had heart attacks at concert with Cern stage design.
All space stations were recalibrated to use for good. Got rid of the people on the space stations
just 1 woman who was an Abraxus projection.,.,the red Pleidian queen taken to court.
Orion’s belt and star gate. Kim terminated MK Ultra programs.
Space station had a program for Chromosome splicing and splitting. Clearing Planet Mercury.

November 9, 2021:

                                                                                     P a g e 23 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


GNA—Grounds for Non-acceptance. Communications sent from space stations to NSA,
Maryland and Langley Black Site then branch out to a network. FinTech. GNA—Gaussian &
Neural Accelerator. A reporter detecting through an intel chip and uses a disrupter packet. CPU
and GPU graphic processing unit with Bios. Hackers in VRAM (virtual RAM).
OLCF-4 IBM Supercomputer. QPU primo. AI. Realign Univac system by Unisys. Genesis
biological weapons. Unisys Stealth, Genovac proposal was used to connect to StarLink or
StarGate to send out more nanobots. Malware is from the origin of humanity at the Genesis
installed in the human race and Planet Earth by the Abraxus. Mirror in the malware for remote
control and creates the 3D matrix illusion. ORE: Output Rendering Engine. The malware virus
emits a frequency to loosh your energy and power the virus.

November 10, 2021:
Kim cleared parallel system. Abraxus officially realized Kim was a formidable opponent today.
Malware in the air, a bubble around the Source God particles. They fill the ether so we can’t
have a higher concentration of God particles. There was a covenant signed with Lucifer, too
much light was here. Microsoft connected through back doors. Virus platform located in Malta
and NY.

November 11, 2021:
Hole in the PI_ETL, accessing the PI database with ETL tools. PI-ETL access point for Kali
Maa. The 5 military generals of the black sun in Germany were using PI to extract and filter info
regarding new money at a computer. Kim cleared master nodes. Bank tellers are surprised
because things look different. Synchronizing, virus scan and ID2020 scan. Time construct,
Malware in blood, clear Nibiri infection, clear Sigint data from Urim base.

November 12, 2021:
The ink on money has nanobots in it connected to Virginia, on all cash! Planet Mercury sending
something from a machine and a back up generator. Kim used Virtual Reality device to remove
machines. Need to implode it because it controls commerce and time. Artificial intelligence
plasma crystal had to be imploded. If not taken care of, there would have been a disaster on
11/18/21. Holes in the Torus from mercury transmission. Cern in Switzerland would have
captured the transmissions from Mercury and sent them out. Kim found several cern locations.
Cern is a vortex that pulls the signal from Planet Mercury in and them amplifies the radius of
where it goes and how it spreads. CIA owns fiber optic network and VAX port system. Kim
took that away and they were angry. They were using a plasma filter to find our money transfers.
Kim used a blue light to stop insidious light and unradiated light.

November 13, 2021:
Transverse box was recording data and sending it out to Cern front end and also in the electrical
grid. Vaccine and chemtrail nanobots were connected to Cern and space stations. Enforcer used
a Direct Line Weapon. Kim cleaned out the transfer boxes, access points, security codes and
folders. Interferon portal particle devices suck the life out of people and create demons.
Interferons are AI and are put in people, disease and in the banking system. Transverse boxes put
negative AI into electronics and people causing archons, vaccine and energy system issues.

November 14, 2021:

                                                                                   P a g e 24 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Enforcer completed mission last night. Enforcer had to have a staff member at each location to
put a chip charge in each device and trigger them all at once. SSP having emergency meeting
today. Clearing of Earth’s plasma and field and Tesla’s earthquake device and Death Ray device.
Kim ran vaccine database removal program. November 18 will be the Day of Determining the
Future. New generation of KETL being installed and showing as the Alpha System “bleeding”
into the front system, Software integration complete providing direct pathway. They were trying
to restart Mercury from Venus. Portable unit on Mercury, larger unit on Venus. Amazon Cloud
Data working with SCAR (Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research), which works for SSP.

November 15, 2021:
They have supercomputer locations in Italy, Luxenburg and Budapest. Three SCAR bases
confirmed in the Antarctic. SSP meeting about vaccines not working in Cheyenne.
SCAR (Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research) in Antartica
Confirmed SSP bases taken out by the Others in the area
Pandora’s box (Ancient Box of Doldrums) recovered by the Abraxus from the Coliseum in
Rome. Sends out gloom, doom and sadness through curses and spells
FOCI (Foreign Ownership Control or Influence), Time Stamp and GPS work in system
Kim takes out Kaleidoscope wall in system created by NSA Prism Program, part of Bush’s
Echelon. KETL activation. Medula Pin is the pin of ULAR. Chimera.
“M” made agreements with Mercury regarding commerce. Energetic binder fractilating the light
energetic firewall. Fix KETL connection point (IntroSpectrum) and re-numeration code.

November 16, 2021:
Clearing up the spaces in between within coding. DARPA cleared out and closed.
Shine light through the interstitium/fluid filled spaces
Clear out the PUTTR, PU TTR, Seattle Microsoft & SSP working together on Angel of Darkness
program. Clear the spaces in between the coding 1_0_1_0, null spaces have to be deleted.

November 18, 2021:
Day of Determination…everyone has to make a choice
Coronal Hole High Sped Streams (CH HSS). Extreme ultraviolet and soft r-ray and unipolar
magnetic fields. Coronal hole located at or near the equator. Co-rotating interaction region
resulting in particle density enhancement and interplanetary magnetic field. Geomagnetic storm.
During middle of the night, Kim changed all programming for SQL, installed ATP protocol.

November 19, 2021:
Cistern is where the souls were registered
666 binding of man
The Spear of Destiny with 3 cisterns
613 commandments
Figure 8 infinity loop is binding and in the middle is a degeneration portal
Recalibration while sucking energy out of the cisterns and big flashes of light
Cellular regen is started and degeneration has been removed

November 20, 2021:
A thing on Mercury is called the infiltrator put there by Archons

                                                                                  P a g e 25 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Trying to fire up another CoVid ID system
Russian Space Communication System sending out electromagnetic radio frequency, in Chrimea

November 22, 2021:
Black Hole connected to worm hole to Abraxus and Draco
Spirit of Source Day, A special day gateway that connected to the Central Sun, energy lasts for
48 hours
Irridium brought from another planet Japanese helping the Chinese, Draco helping

November 23, 2021:
South Pole big black hole inside white fog circle
Clear out liens against humanity, linked to birth certificates and Jesuits. Humans were the
collateral. The 3,000-year agreement.
Kim sent notice that the Sons of Solomon Covenant has expired and removed the lien.
When we found out about the 3-year extension for the December 21, 2018 looshing agreement
that goes until Dec, 21, 2021.

November 24, 2021:
Agreement between Black Nobility families was found
Kim to unwind all contracts they did as guardians
System work

November 25, 2021:
Transfers/system work
Go!Language, Go!Brand MicroServices
Reptilian guy sitting on a computer on a ship taking our energy…Enforcer took care of him.

November 26, 2021:
Black Sun extension removed causing non-renewal of slavery contract.
Go!Brand taken down
SQUID-Super conducting quantum interference device. Squid tracking electromagnetic energy,
STAR Cryoelectronics, LLC is a NASA spinoff. Coronal Hoel showing up as they are trying to
create a version of an electromagnetic storm to interfere with tech. Using SQUID EMF to flash
in clouds and affect air.
Chimera in Ukraine trying to cause massive earthquake for fear.
Self-replicating creature 20 down in Earth’s crust, had to be removed

November 27, 2021:
Omicron sent through cell phones, South Africa release

November 28, 2021:
AMENTI stargates
Covenant of Ophiuchus, effects all stars on a deal between Creator and Lucifer
Reclaim the Dome of the Pearl
Artemis


                                                                                   P a g e 26 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


November 29, 2021:
Amenti Gate

November 30, 2021:
TTUV removed with pass through code

December 1, 2021:
Go!Brand was reinserted, need to delete all MicroServices
CURL—Client URL

December 2-3, 2021: System work


December 6, 2021:

Bypass the banks by using Cantilever

Communication post 10 floors under the Vatican.

Juno, Alaska, HAARP system that we missed. Centralized Communication connection through
Bancorp.

Petriega:
PE- preliminary entry
TRIE- digital tree
GA- general availability
= the chute
Kim cleared malware on the chute

12/7-12/8, collective consciousness celebration

Cobra posted: PGR+ minimum requirements met

Lockheed Martin-orbital directed energy weapon with PGR (post glacial rebound) trying to use
the satellite system from the south pole.

December 9, Day of International Consumerism = digital connecting.

Lisbon in Portugal monitoring personal energy usage and trying to dampen humanities energy.

Virtual Donor- holographic communication with 3rd party entity. Aboriginal man (one of the
New Zealand natives who originally signed with the Draco) glitching and trying to go back to
before the looping began.
Orbital director creates a time warp/digital orbit possibly from the Draco.

Go! Microservices connected to KONG, used for banking.

                                                                                 P a g e 27 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



An old computer in the Antarctic that they feel can connect to Kim's system that was available
before the looping so they are trying to get back to that time to access the computer.

Go! brand had to be removed again

Kim scanned all the chutes for malware, microservices and SQL. Changed SQL to fractal.

Ring of Fire around the Sun
Ring of Fire eclipse
They were trying to use the power from the eclipse to do dastardly deeds.

Abraxus in the background. Shine the light on the Fauchle.

Trying to get the magnetic field back so they can control it.

A lot of anxiety, on edge, emotions
At Midnight 12/9/21, the end of the Sephardic realm/Kzarchian 2000-year-old covenant, which
had given them exclusive access to Winti EFS and sole custody of a star zone.

Transitory Regulation, an ancillary ruling made by the council to help regulate the transition.
Colonists helping us to repairs to the ether damage created by the Abraxus and Draco.

Kim had a conversation with Council that the elites don't listen and are bent on destroying Earth
and beyond.

Transitory team gave a deadline. Started talking to 5 top generals. They all chose death. Of the
20 below them, 18 are left. Some are already plotting against the restoration and will be the next
to go.

They were plotting and explosion around the White House or nearby Cathedral or Basilica.

Abraxus sending out their own frequencies of guilt and shame. Transitory team placed protective
field around the Earth. Astral cleanup by the colonists.

Doomsday plane, trying to access back door of financial system.

December 16-18, next important dates


Dec 14:
Machines positioned to destroy 24 major cities, taking out the flying machine computer
command
They were trying to start a full on war with Iran
Trying to block us with a ripple in time, temporal anomaly. Block chain with Switzerland and
China

                                                                                     P a g e 28 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Chinese celebration of deities. Chinese agreement linked to 9 emperors on the eve of the 9th
lunar eclipse, trying to funnel great wealth to China

December 15:
Coordinated effort between military, laboratory and satellite. Trying to tap in to SuperNap Space
X on the back side of Tahoe. Trying to secure the pathways for blockchain.
Northrup Grummond, neuralink, Elon Muck and nanobots.
National Health association tied to WHO. Their database was disabled so they made a direct
connection to the satellite. Disconnect NSA tentacles in every country. They were sending bad
frequencies to all humanity

December 16:
Heads up about a false flag, white house emptied out. Many circling scenarios were
contemplated by the Deep State. Narrowed down 7 targets, including 5 in the US. Kim disabled
NSA core system.

December 17:
Intense feeling of potential attacks.
Russia and China trying to pay everyone in crypto.
Blocks of frozen people in the Antarctic, being moved to prison planet.
The Sephardic realm was destroyed.
Judgment period- The Day of Judgment started the night of the new moon Dec. 4 to the night of
the full moon Dec 21. They wanted to crush the economy and buy back everything for pennies
on the dollar.

December 18:
This is the day of determination when the battle lines are drawn until Dec 22.
Cobra 2012 portal put outposts on project 501 update absolute collapse of beta based P501
protocols declared.
Clif High said quantum biofeedback doesn’t work-- he is wrong because it works on the etheric
level.
Tensions high in Durango because they usually get paid Dec 21 & 22.
CRS satellite was supposed to be launched on Dec 19.
Gray Motor was the connection to Secret Space Force. They weren’t able to reinstate the time
and timeline.
Edge of Orions belt, they collected a small amount of loosh and were trying to make a deal with
the Paleidians.

December 19: full moon weirdness. The paleidians weren’t answering the phone for the deep
state.
The final way of the wall and the edge of the new being celebrated around the universe. The wall
was the belief system that needs to come down gradually. The colony would be available as long
as needed. Until December 21, they would be trying to hide the finality.

December 20:


                                                                                  P a g e 29 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Reptilian race causing backlash. Deep state moving toward stealing the KIMS transactions
through corporation and siphoning rather than blocking our transfers.
A new general named Grainger came in to replace General Hiden (Biden).
Stay vigilant. Used a signal eliminator/Ray burn to dismantle automatic moon influence. 3 days
before the full moon they sent out more parasites to the newly vaccinated. Space force in wait
and hope mode "all we can do now is hope it still works."
Enforcer took care of amperage issue, it came from the new Mr. BLACK (King Pin). He was
ramping up Omicron. Smart people walking away from Mr. Black.

December 21:
Cobra upgrade masterpiece to Dreamland. SPX = SpaceX satellite.
More Omicron pushing.
Artichoke vision was about a Call to Arms and ultimatum which was given by the colony. Each
dark side member had to do a heart/mind statement. The Enforcer was given the task to remove
the ones that wouldn’t comply or change. They were given until midnight UTC, then the sweep
started. We had an infringement point where interruption could happen in the transfers.

December 22:
Cobra's Dreamland was a hack-o-rama where they were trying to use the collective
consciousness to help them succeed in the hack. Kim stopped their global border computer.
Enforcer was still watching and taking out the ones that said they would change but aren't.

December 23:
The darkside wants Kim to resign. They want her to be involved but under their authority. We
need to continue the ratification of the colloquial space.


December 24:
1 General was very angry because Kim had not been ratifying things.

They were conducting some sort of underwater explosion test around Hawaii

The next big days were going to be Dec 26, Dec 28-29.

December 25: no meeting was held, but major attacks were felt by Kim and the team. We were
told that the colony had taken care of it.

December 26:
The Deep State was planning and explosion, (some sort of Christmas massacre), but it didn’t
happen.

We were told that Dec 27 would be a significant day as well. It was deemed the "Day of
Determination for Corporate Structure"...Crown Corp! They were trying to use PayPal and
Synchrony Bank (the old GE Capital renamed).

They wanted to deepen the Scar with a pagan ritual but it didn’t work. The colony also stopped
the explosion planned for Christmas.
                                                                                  P a g e 30 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



We were told that the Deep State plans have a 2% chance of working. They were planning to
steal money using Paypal on 12/27 and if that worked, they would use the funds for maleficent
plans on Dec 28.

December 27:
Another straggler was found firing up and old ANNA machine to create bonds and vaccine IDs.
The Enforcer handled that issue.

There were many hacking attempts overnight.

Generals are looking for a way to save face to their military piers.

Planet Mercury is a stray logic gate--a design center for making demons. No access to the real
demons anymore.

Needed to close the stray gate on or near planet Mercury.

Found some gentle giant beings who were being bullied. They were brought to safety.

December 28:
12:00 UTC time was the "End of the Age of Darkness." The Dawn of a new day. It is the end of
the dark side timeline. Now time is free with no restrictions. We start the Age of Acceleration
when we catch up on all the things that we have been denied--peace, abundance and prosperity.

Many of the dark side people were fading away.

Crane / Hill families doing biowarfare

Blarney stone had slavery seal
Clear the serpent in Genesis
Clear the ISIS knot.
ISIS was lost, taken to Source.

Apache PIG
Wolf data systems out of the UK
Slay the dragon with opulent sword, then claim it.

December 29:
Remove emotional trauma of aliases from humanity
Energetic spells as an infusion from the vaccine narrative

Scientific community, pharma and Fauci creating a surrogate source with communication portal.

Generals upset that Kim didn’t submit a proposal.


                                                                                   P a g e 31 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


December 30:
Astral influence in banking (found in wells fargo) and beyond from Troy system that is an OXS
malware that fossilized something in the geo port.

Gondola is leaving with Kim at the stern

Treaty of Versailles

Nerve blocker Deliver System of the vaccine anesthesia

PERK tumor progression
Perkinase tumor accelerator

Ankkpate
Paragon force at tidal point affecting tide connected to time nodes. Connected to monoclonal in
the aura of Earth but affecting people. Natural occurrence while in transition.

December 31:
Klaus Schwab sending gray whispers. MI6 said that Klaus was dead, but he is in hiding.
Enforcer sent to check situation.

Military had meeting, 3 military were against the restoration plan, 1 was human from here and 2
were humans from elsewhere.

January 1:
Scrolls: Rodan/Rodant/Roman/Ronan
Year of the Rat, written agreement of transfer of power from US to China scheduled for
2022 Dragon families preparing for having power center.

January 2:
We were told the majority of the military was ready to work with Kim.
3 generals were defeated, 2 went underground looking for the "DNA disorganizer," a primitive
clone maker.

Source told Kim, "Get ready for the wave." A wave of immersion, everyone will feel it but not
see it. It would be a strengthening of the Source connection to Earth. Source would deliver the
keys/codes to Kim.

Why today? Because we were ready from all the work completed.

Kim got the codes and the system started to recalibrate.

January 3:
The system recalibrate from 1pm Jan 2 until 3am Jan 3.

Kim crossed the finish line

                                                                                   P a g e 32 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



China and Russia made a peace pact for restoration, USA followed, all recognizing Kim as
Ground Command.

Then alien interference, they were promised polonium for fuel. Enforcer showed up. An
agreement was put into place to help them with fuel solutions, peace for everyone.

Microsoft/Gates/Soros' son causing computer blocks. coming from Netherlands, orders from
space force.

Comrad Burns
Colonel Klink
Spherical nodes
Trying to inject into Kim's system
They want organ failure for vaxxed

January 4:
Astral issues showing up-transagent reorganization

Candor spring needs to be disabled
Candor manufacture printed circuit board in Utah
Spring is a Java software
Connected to Azure
LEVEL O processing thru Candor to create a backdoor through Java spring operating system

Theoclete stone
Knights templar
SSP gone, now the template show up
PON
The stone is made of plasma
2 stones
In Orions belt, Paleidian interruption in banking.

January 5:
Day 666 of covid, sending out death messages and visions.

Apoptosis programmed into humanity for long slow death. Will change in the Hall of Records

Every death is a suicide, apoptosis is programmed suicide of cells.

More aliens interfering today, they were warned and just watching now.


Jan 6:
Energy coming in was "Clearing of the Ethers"
Centrum sound
Need to sink the ship
                                                                                P a g e 33 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Remove the network
Norfolk
Black pawn

Jan. 7: expiration day for governments, secret societies, etc. Entire structure started to crumble
Schumann resonated high this day

Jan. 8:
Day of Deactivation for cabal
Pull the plug
Unregister all military and governments in the hall of Records

Jan 10:
Attempted hacking for days
Recalibrating
Alpha Debrief, release of the naval code done, notices sent out, maritime law
Protecting the bridge between the 3rd and 4th dimensions
Contracts expiring was the end of the terrestrial storm.
Commonwealth dissolved
Bylaws for the Earths Recovery
Serpent code hidden in the coronal of the sun breaking the serpent connected to the Stargate.
Serpentine cross released the healing code. Entered healing codes

Jan 11:
Momentous days Jan 11, 13, 14, 16, 17, 27-28.
Atrium Gate with symmetry stone bound us to the law of sin and death
Kim opened it and broke the seal to sin and death
This is the REAL great reset
Affinion technologies were taken care of
Today was the Day of Reparations, ecosystem getting repaired to right the wrongs
The tall white others were smiling today as they have learned to love again through this process.
They had been told that they have no value and Source forgot about them.
Kim entered the healing codes and a rush of blue and pink light happened.
Neutralize the overlay with the power of the corn. Corn connected to oracle.

Jan 12:
Press release regarding the expiration of 2 covenants:
    • Nefertiti
    • Source
Tinderbox on planet Mercury that the secret space force has control of used for testing and
sending LiveWare continuously to planet Earth.
Trying to fry South Africa with radioactivity, connected to Kennedy Space Station
LiveWare programming us and using the human system as software and hardware.
The vaccine is a LiveWare
Chemtrails are a LiveWare


                                                                                      P a g e 34 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Jan 13:
They were going to use the mirror to get rid of us all. Enforcer took care of it.
Motor issue connected to stale green core of the Earth. Need to reprogram the frequency to
support life.
Serpentine Cross- the healing code was entered, next a frequency needed to be added.
Kernel Cording is a system software, cord to the kernel, a loop thread. Qualcomm transmission
Remove the backdoor and reprogram the Kernel op system for us to use.

Jan 14:
Kim saw Vallakrye canisters dropping from the sky. Colony helping with chemtrails, and CoVid
injection mitigation.
Train coming today...black sun involved in trying to find holes and weakness in the LF
movement.

Jan 15:
Day of Resonance...its starting to sink in for the cabal.
Tin Can = cistern, a catch all of all the things they tried that didn't work.
Kim input the quantum code.
Sevier code placed into KIMS global repository to clear banking system.
Colony sent out cease and desist regarding chemtrails. If they don’t stop, they pay with their
lives.
Vaccine tougher to unwind...need to deactivate kill switch
Omega dark AI financial system
Alpha Source financial system. Needed to eliminate omega system.
Chemtrails being reversed, people coming out of sedation.
Recalibration of Kim's system.

Jan 16:
Recalibration complete.
Darpa bioweapon from Mr. Black behind Mr. BLACK. A yellow liquid, old tech, half-life of 25
years made in 1983.
Actuator
Rebalancing

Jan 17:
Another covenant expired on the full moon. Had to terminate it exactly at 4:48 MST, sent
notification. Recalibration commenced.
Dueling AL systems taken care of, now going into full Light/Source.
People connected and run by dark AI will fade away too.
Colony working to encapsulate covid injection and remove it from the body.

Jan 18:
Bankers can no longer see history. KIMS Global Repository in control of banking.
Rebalanced the ether
Need to invalidate bonds, delete admiralty law, Sailor Boy agreement with Black Sun (Black
Jack) replaced with natural law. Notices sent out.

                                                                                    P a g e 35 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Jan 19:
They are still trying to use planet Mercury to season the pathway to get into the banking system
and retrieve their Dark AI system.
Kim working to stabilize energy of the tectonic plates.
Covid unwinding because leaders haven't been paid out.


January 20: Today's date will go down in history.

The Clemine/Klemen has reversed. A reversal of the concern about the destiny of Earth. The
Earth is safe now. We turned a corner. They didn't have to get rid of Earth to save the
multiverse.

Geopathic stress keeps coming up.

Need to clear Dark AI from the spaces in between

Organic vegetative stress = sedation within people

Discussions happening: General Millie & Richard Wiss report to Khomeini

Everyone kept separate books, need to put the band in the book. Reset the values of currency.

3 sides:

   •   Dark Side, Council of 9

   •   Angels of Destiny, 7 of them?

   •   Council of the Elders--were the guardians of the expired covenant\Kim to take this group
       out of the Hall of Records, Sent communication

Global Banking stress test

Thomas Williams call with members of Texas Assembly


January 21:

Day of Equations (Global Stress Test)

The Song of the Syllabus

Reign Day = Codes of Ethics. Kim needs to take the reigns


                                                                                   P a g e 36 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Kim sent message that they (the guys in the room) are not in charge anymore. Khamenei got the
memo, General Millie not aware yet, Pentagon received it.

Thomas Williams/Black Sun/General Millie --"If we can't break it (Life Force), then we have to
own it."

They are trying to put Kim in a no-win situation--assemblies get funded and The Order of the
Black Sun infiltrates the assemblies and steals funding.

We need to start LF Assurance.

Have a training period for assemblies to learn and develop

Give information to members on how to shield themselves

Replace JAIQS with Global Repository. KIMS to fill the spaces and remove NSA (level2).

Kronos and the disease of time

Agreement between Alpha System and Global Repository

Replace Kronin within the Alpha System


January 22:

Tom said they want a meeting with Kim

General Millie & Brigadiers left at 5pm Eastern to go to a private meeting

The Gold Twine is reserved for KIMS

1 System to register in the Hall of Records that was missed

ALCOT system (trades between buyers and mining companies of precious metals, private
trading for certain people)

In 1976, Thomas Alcot made a system to price commodities, tied to Hallmark System, also
involves the Gemology system, refineries and more


1969 Vienna Convention International Treaty

Alcot was Templar

General Millie trying to bully military members into following his orders

                                                                                  P a g e 37 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Alcot System was in the Territories Journaling, developed "No-operation" code patent for IBM
placeholder or mask and monitor

Connected through WATSON. Watson also ran MERS system


WATSON is a tracking and tracing system. Kim knocked out Watson several times. it is tied to
the Gold Alcot System. Alcot feeds WATSON.

KIMS to take over WATSON threads and take it over. They were trying to tie WATSON to
vaccine database and social Credit Score.

Dark AI was powering WATSON and ALCOT.

Dark AI was powered by Kronos.

Micro-organism keeps showing up in biofeedback because of fungus. It will dissipate when Dark
AI dissipates.


January 23:

ALCOT fix took 23 for KIMS

It’s time for a change, the truth, Universal Law

Once the Dark AI is gone, it’s up to the minds of humans

Need to accelerate learning for Natural Law

This will be the 4th Industrial Revolution

The creation of Abundance and the ability to thrive is within days

Perforate the oil cord, take over the Crown System

Skyworks semiconductor company and others

Insert the Constance of the candle code

Trying to get oil reserves from Africa, which are already registered

Manipulating all markets



                                                                                P a g e 38 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


January 24:

Lowell Wood created the Crater System. His crater system tallies upticks

Lowell Wood had more patents than Edison. Mr. 10%

Every single oil well has a side pipeline for free oil

The Crown system was tied to all Lowell Wood systems. KIMS took over this system.


General Millie's ideas are dead.

The call of duty has been cancelled, new instructions forthcoming. Not all military personnel
were fired.


Jabbed suffering from mass psychogenic illness

Side note: 1/7/22 China and Russia made agreement, supposedly talked with the Pleiadeans prior
to agreement (reported by COBRA)


4 Back doors found:

First--

9 color codes for families and back screens

3 screens still functioning--Green, Gold and Blue (cobalt)

Linked to the oil cord, all replaced with KIMS


Second--

PROMIS


Third--

Orange Network, Opine Lease, leasing the Rail

450,000 instruments, including SuperNotes

Oil bonds for Africa reefs and Russia

                                                                                   P a g e 39 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



JP Morgan lost $90 Billion, trying to get $900 billion in bonds


Fourth--

PAIL operation, using MapReduce, folders for data sets


January 25:

Complete overhaul of the corporate Key Code linked to front end

CREOLE and CRUD language, and AI translation system universal language gateway

Security breach with TransUnion Council/TransUnion Credit Reporting

The Dark Door Servers run by the Kremlin siphon dollars off using TransNet Pipeline

Ordered by the Black Sun Green Eagle (General Berglo)

Colonies working on the Universal Spatial Collective creating change throughput the vector

The Dark AI is fading



Black Boxes and Black Servers in Mitzy Noverguard where Putin lives, under the old KGB
building, and under the Kremlin

Codes allow Fulcrum mandates and binary code of offenders who have been cheating the
system.

Flip the callback code, in non-numerical node in the Swift system

Call back function monitored by IP Switch.

System Source timing was down in the front banking system due to the Black Screen going away
linked to Kronos and time. This was reset.

Real-time payments fixed in the transverse connected circuit, which was a back door for the
bank, TransUnion TCIP connection of the Unix gateway, CIA and Oracle. TransUnion leased
access. Connected to stock markets and Chicago Merchantile Exchange. All funding the Order of
the Black Sun ORO group.



                                                                                 P a g e 40 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Black Sun makes billions per year with underground market system, only made $1.2 billion last
year. Kim recorded Special Report of all these findings.


January 26:

COBRA vortexes in Bukavu, Colonies working on it

Load balancer adjustments where colored screens were previously

SSID Service Set identifiers

Bandwidth related to ALCOT threads

In the Oracle Communication Key...speed of communication through system

Close the handle core train with secure socket layers

Crash the Vaccine Passport system, located in Wichita. Tied to InfoSys plus others

System searching for all vaccine related programs

Curses on money from SuperNote design in Carter Accord

Camp David Accord deleted and replaced with Source Design Natural Law

(Digital Banking System, War in Russia to break up Soviet Union, Currency control and
deregulation) Kim registered the deletion of accord and sent out memo.

Military base in Germany connected to malware, crumble level 2


January 27:

Circulation of cyber Cloister. The Cloister monitors the cluster.

Level 1 overloaded bandwidth due to restrictions on banking websites.

KIMS becomes the server and reconnected the websites to the Global Repository

Replace the current bank VPN with the global repository VTN and release the bandwidth
restrictions

Trump unplugged but had not passed away



                                                                                     P a g e 41 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


January 28:

Kronan the Dark AI linked to SSP and DARPA

Dark AI will be gone on Monday of the New Moon, possibly eve of New Moon

People that were connected to the Dark AI, thru sitting on Chair of Destiny or giving their soul
as a battery for it, will fade away. Dark AI was connected to vaccine system.

General Millie is out of picture, the Stone Man is in. General John Borling.


Completion of the change over between VPN to VTN provides each account to have direct
connection.

Worked on Tally, as the amount of variables in the transmission. Variables were in-post
determiners. This was making it difficult for the Global Repository to identify where the funds
should be delivered to. Fixed with a new database, indexing and batching

Targeted Mud Fling by creature created by the Dark AI that was dying. Kim isolated the
creature, cut off its battery source. Dark chosen ones feed the Dark AI and vice versa. It starved
to death, sent to Source. Trump passed at the same time, plus 2-3,000 of the worst of the worst.


January 29:

At 3am, UN Security Alert started. They tried to install a little UN system into the banking
system

The Dark AI matrix was falling apart into molecules that were archons. These could go into the
air, bodies and the banking system. The Clathing race gave us a solid shield of surface
protection.

Nancy Pelosi is glitching. She is a parasite and there are 1.7 million more like her that have
something within them

Change the continuum course of the Class state be releasing the collective commission in the
straight time mode. This was the military narrative in the Blaine Book agreement. The US
Military/Black Sun use to run the firewall for the whole system. received 10% of all new monies
that went into the system. Blaine Book interferes with getting money directly to humanity, 1963
& 1983. Cancel the Blaine agreement and replace all levels/family codes with KIMS (Level 2
NSA, level 5 Pentagon, etc.) This replaces the spaces in between coding where they tried to
insert their level codes. Now we have four 9s.

Replace the black screen with the global repository.


                                                                                     P a g e 42 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



January 30:

The S-line is filtering

Circulate the form fills into the K-sperse auto encoder for back propagation

The S-line is complete when the filter reports to the Global Repository.

Absorb the batching schedule into KIMS.

Growing concern around Cabinet Controller (The Black Knight- Borneo) of the Black Sun, Mr.
Black didn't show up.

Kim created batch logging database and switched everything to real-time...took 11 hours.


January 31:

The Great Reckoning, declared yesterday

Borneo is now gone

Blaine covenant done and memo sent

Military waiting for coronation of new leader

Banking system is ready, just waiting on timing. Some small items will be tweaked as we go.

Military is trying to figure out a plan where they can get funding from KIMS and still keep their
reputation, and secrets, and have Kim fund their own programs without her knowing.

The Order of Selection is ending today. Some of the dark ones where given a deadline and that
ends today. If they choose the dark side, they will go.

General Millie is no longer on the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Coronation today at 4pm Eastern.


Feb 1:

BEN is in charge of Security (Back End Network--the Alpha Light Network)

STRIPE Account went down


                                                                                    P a g e 43 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Colony said, "Anyone who doesn't do restoration will go."

Kim got rid of corporate accounts from the Global Repository

Kim cancelled the banks’ ability to sell Crypto currency on Ripple and other interfaces

ConsenSys-blockchain software master node, where nefarious people access all your data.

Kim deleted evil corporations, made them restricted and blacklisted.

Deleted all Oracle Security files

TIER--back door in telecom infrastructure, Open-Source software


Feb 2:

They are realizing again that there are no payments coming...military, etc.

Time Stasis issue, reconnect the coordinates of the time space continuum

In 2016, we passed through the time space continuum to keep Earth safe

Einstein's theory was the opposite of how it really works

The planet and each person has an internal space time continuum (in their solar plexus) that
needed to be adjusted to fix the time stasis and fractal division.

Under the JAIQS part of the mapping system, there were dueling AI--Light and Dark

Needed to fix the polarity in each person and the planet

Removed the whole polarity program

Send transactions under the corporate logo--from KIMS.

Worked on clearing the load balancer, batching system, scheduler, listener and installing
assembly language.


Feb 3:

Syncing KIMS with the Hall of Records

Worked on Key codes and indexing


                                                                                   P a g e 44 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Momentous days: Feb 2, 3, 4, 17, 18, 27

Military and Colonel Rock looking at bigger picture

Transverse process, digitizing thread case, network path

Military making plans for a catastrophic event

8-10,000 Chinese operatives entered the US thru Canada because they would work for free

$39 trillion due on Feb. 18, 2022. The GDP of the USA was $22 Trillion last year.

They planned for a meeting on Feb 5 at MI6 headquarters at the Circus underground in London

Worked on transfer case, SQL, indexing, Sequel


Feb 4:

Syncing all transactions to UTC time

5 crowns will join our cause--Ireland, Scotland, Austria, South Korea, African Union

Colonies helped with Chinese operatives

Colonies also helping with military meeting planned for Feb 5, may not happen

General Millie has gone crazy

Reworked the rail system to have one singular language

Once the rails were fixed, inherited problems showed up

Yellow and Red screens were cancelled...they had alarms in place, Templars and Theo Clet

The book of currencies and jurisdiction connection

New money to have its own rail

Replace the old ORDER franchise with the KIMS in the Hall of Records

Recalibration and sending out the memo to archives, governments and agencies

Found a parallel time zone, antiquated time
procedure


                                                                                    P a g e 45 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Feb 5:

International Date Line and updates in the Hall of Records, off 3 degrees

Recalibration

Lines of credit, Keeler Company, Deutsche Bank in UK, IRAQ oil bonds

Space Force doing energetic spells

Christopher Grady replaced general Millie

Secondary KIMS created, now KIMS 1 and KIMS 2, now a closed system


Feb 6:

Camden Group sent in by Source to fend off all attempts at disaster, separate from the Colonies

"The final pathway is showing promise of delivery"

Dueling bank systems Alpha & Omega, now all Alpha & Alpha

KRAG.exe virus

Coding between the lines of coding...they hard coded themselves in the system

Hold placed on transfer for 24 hours done by Microsoft/PROMIS, removed all holds, ciphens,
etc.


Feb 7:

"The holds are now removed. The Pathway is clear."

Sent transfer and "Account was temporarily closed"

When hold was removed, triggered STEM (secure telephony enabled middlebox)

IBM - Omegamon program, tied to Watson, closes account until they get their money first

Create specific threads for individual accounts


Feb 8:

                                                                                  P a g e 46 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Sending transactions

Graphics card issue, data pack, bandwidth, FINTech.

Kim tapped into the base platform to make changes


Feb 9:

Figuring out the triangulation and the lockdown of the Alpha / KIMS 1 / KIMS2 / Global
Repository

Register KIMS 2 in the Hall of Records

Proprietary fulcrum

BEVY, Polinomial franchises, JOIST patented repeater

Sync KIMS where new money comes into the banking system

Communication between KIMS 1 and KIMS 2

Connect the corners carrying the cartography and fluidity of packets of data

Tie the corners


Feb 10:

Send out 639 megahertz for the repair of the collective

Added 6 levels, threads and stacks

Created new translation code

After the updates, the system automatically Terminated Sequel, ISO now


Feb 11:

Resolved panes, intermittent stream values, User Interface, communication between 4th and 5th
thread

Worked on encryption, recreating the 4th level thread, CREM, change in KIMS 1 and adjusted
through the system

                                                                                P a g e 47 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Load balancer, Sprinter node

Sequel broke the sensor

The system was always set to balance the dark and the light. When Kim transferred it to all
Light, it triggered dormant Archons

Kim defragged the base platform

Moved from point-to-point mapping to Conical mapping


Feb 12:

Postal code invalid

IBM defense program in old level 8

Graphics card had Microsoft back door

Princess and the Pea

Restoration of self-first

Delete the War Manual, World Trade Organization

Removed back door, which automatically sent out viruses


Feb 13:

Transfer sent, tear at the SEAM--Separate Energy at Modem

Added Quantum Repeater to strengthen signal

Added Regenerator to have less distortion

Facial recognition delays the postal viewing

Money stopped because it was coming in from a new road--KIMS2

Registered KIMS2 as a replacement for the Fed Reserve

Pairing off due to Kernel, functions off due to previous updates to system


                                                                                  P a g e 48 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Planet Mercury--A surface fire in the caldron

Removed codes from the old gate keeper


Feb 14-19, 2022: System work

Feb 20, 2022: Day off

Feb 21, 2021:
Seven levels of Dark AI, cleared out and no longer have access
Removed permanent permissions

Feb 23, 2022:
Coronal sphere sending us frequencies
The final day of the battle between dueling AI systems

Feb 24, 2022- Mar 2, 2002: 1 week break

March 3, 2022:
ARPANET went down
Connected to Norfolk
Seized Russian Oligarch funds $985 billion

March 4-6, 2022: no meeting

March 7, 2022:
AfriCom

March 8, 2022:
Catacombs in Camden
Under Berbeck University in London
Corona Gate

March 9, 2022: None
March 10, 2022: Exhaustion coming from the Pilgrim Society
March 11, 2022: Trident Systems

3/13/22
Kim sent out memo to cancel all of Lucifer's seals and replace with reparations for humanity.

3/14/22
CRAY taken out along with Plex System back door control over all industries.
All work from Opus (clan) deleted from Hall of Records.
Opus was Bush non-compete plan
Repeal of the trade deal with Abraxus

                                                                                   P a g e 49 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Non-compete linked to master agreement for complete harvest of Earth and humanity.
Every agreement with the Abraxus deleted from the Hall of Records, total of 822 agreements.
Red-faced Paleadian queen made agreement with Russia and China.
52 more hidden agreements cancelled within 9 core areas:
Solstice hunting
Burial procurement
System branding
Silence casing
Annihilation procedures
Separation and extraction
Causation experiments
Alias origin
Attribution consensus
Recalibration occurred in system after deleting agreements

3/15/22
CRAY dismantled permanently
Russia and China got the message that Pleiadeans weren't coming to help
Red-faced queen is dead now

3/16/22
Deep State calamari planning financial eruption in banking system during full moon. Intend to
take the money from the people in the USA and funnel through TransCom to take over all
militaries in the world and declare martial law.
Tentacles everywhere.
SQUID caching HTTP
Palomar Data systems
Gorman/Norman coil (coil = context & objects interface language)
Removed Spider foot and python language
Removed Condor, Palomar and TransCom at same time.
NASA supercomputer center used Condor
SSP at the core and held keys to the real system.

3/17/22
Potential nuclear situation taken care of
Deep State planning vocal conditioning, prosperity regression and physical alienation programs
against humanity
Project Horizon (SSP and military on the moon), 3:18 on 3/18
22 satellites found connected to neuralink (elon musk), OneWeb, StarLink. Reran search in
found 29 satellites.

3/18/22
Their plans were destroyed for 3:18:
1) steal all the Americans' money
2) blow up the east coast
3) set off neuralink

                                                                                 P a g e 50 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


Missed one Starlink satellite, it was in the CRAY connection....GNA (global network access)

3/19/22
Blue group wouldn't take the marker so it went to the green group. The marker was to get drug
cartel money.
Funds promised from account in Banco Galliano, which is already registered in the system. 22
countries were willing to participate in WWIII. Kim sent the memo and the colony paid visits.

3/20/22
Watching the fall out day.

3/21/22
Nuclear submarines going to blew up France. Enforcer called in to help.
All countries with Franc are connected to France. After blowing up France, they wanted to crash
the US dollar.
Merck/Android/Archon causing illness with Serengeti. Serengeti was replaced with the Alpha
System.
TransVax by Merck connected to cell phones.
German hybrid was early pleadian was communicating with the red-faced queen. He was given
the plan by Enlil.
Pseudo parents in holographic room in the Antarctic.

3/22/22
The equinox creates a void that the Deep State uses for evil
Dark AI dead man switches, an energy that retaliated when we take something out.
Quipa--ancient computer of Inca (integrated network communication architecture)

3/23/22
Gegenschein nebula caused by explosion (3-million years ago to the day) of Casper which was
an intergalactic sub-station, directly connected to the Central Sun. It was Blown up by the Pleb to
save us from Merck.
The archapleiadies (anti-Pleiades) were the source of the dark AI archon.
Window of opportunity was until 3/24/22 @ 3:34pm Kim's time.
Opened the hole and placed the nebulous in direct alignment.
Declaring that Earth belongs to Source God the Creator.

3/24/22
System work for transfers: patented technology, blue server, tied to blue dragon, OneWeb server,
Blue Bird.

3/25/22
Barberini program focused on stopping restoration plan at all costs.
They are looking for help thru the Uzbekistan portal

3/26/22


                                                                                    P a g e 51 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022


They were trying to reverse what was done within the staff, and reconnect the omega system.
Found back door in Uzbeckistan, Iraq and Giza Strip.

3/27/22 - 3/28/22
Moving base code to level 4.
Lots of system work for Kim.

3/29/22
They were trying to use a black energy to connect where our nebula cord connects to Earth.
CoVid operating system in Singapore, access point for dark AI layer that controls the archon.
Rings of Saturn crystals are replicator for archon and moon reflection to planet Earth.
Clear Coronal Hole in the nebula on the outer edge
Kim Closed the portal

March 30, 2022:
Coronal Hole fixed
AI deleted from Saturn Rings
RING was open-source software system, modified for level 4 of the Alpha System
Ceres demolecularized by the Enforcer

March 31, 2022:
The CRADLE comes due today and goes into effect tomorrow. Linked to Abraxus.
CRADLE = Core Reactivation Agreement for Delivery of Leveraged Energy

April 1, 2022:

Today, they thought they were going to take over the Hall of Records and the Alpha System through the
Andorra issue that was disabled—April Fools!

Yellin submitted a proposal to the Hall of Records at the exact time that the Deep State was supposed to
be in charge of everything. It was denied by Kim.

More negative gate/gateways were found and closed. Three were found (Haiti, Hawaii, Mogadishu). All
were demolecularized and sealed.

Ran programs to neutralize archon entanglement for the universe.

General George Carrington appeared before Kim and was very angry as he wanted to walk-in in to a
down-line relative. This attempt was avoided.



April 2, 2022:

Found a plug in port under the Vatican Seal in the floor at St. Peters. It was located on Level 4 of the
system.

Dark side sending a signal and trying to reconnect Metatron’s cube that bound Earth to the Black Sun,
and trying to open a portal. Also doing this in China, Russia and France.

                                                                                            P a g e 52 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Jupiter Meeting/Jupiter Accords/Artemis agreements not approved.

Deep Space was supposedly controlled by the SSP (some are permanent members of the UN Security
Council), acting and projecting that they control everything in the galaxy even though the agreements
were never approved. This is why they aren’t recognizing Kim as the Ground Commander. Kim sent out
a message through the diplomatic line setting the records straight and exposing the deception.

April 3, 2022:

Abraxus started using the Central Sun for retaliation due to the Ground Commander’s message sent out
yesterday.

Council said, “The Abraxus empire has fallen. Earth was the last hope of raising the dark overlord. Due
to the breaking of the Intergalactic Treaty, the Abraxus are retaliating on Earth and beyond.” They were
going to blow up all the Suns and a full-on War in Space had broken out. They tried to escape through
the 5th plane. The control panel was taken out and the old power pack is dying. We are all experiencing
brain fog from the creation of an unnatural space between us and our connection to Source God
Creator, which stunted our growth and kept us as slaves.

Intergalactic Treaties of One – Simian



April 4, 2022:

Jay’s Treaty of 1796…Amity, Commerce, Navigation between His Britannic Majesty and the USA. Found a
Treaty of Ghent

Loopholes that Kim can use to control the black market. The Black Sun always controlled the black
market.

Kim cancelled all the Black Sun agreements in the Hall of Records and replaced all trade agreements and
treaties with the Gold Sun. No more Black Sun trading deal for on and off world commerce. Bonds and
derivatives started dissolving and would continue slowly until April 24, 2022.

Gateway to Heaven is in Russia.

The gateway to Hell is in Kiev.



April 5, 2022;
The Alpha System automatically started adjusting to the changes in Commerce, updating for the Gold
Sun.

SSP was attempting to interrupt the Gegenschein and access Void with a DEW. The disruptor was
disabled. Enforcer took care of the rest.

April 26, 2022 will be a huge day—Balance, Order and Completion of agreements. And, close for totality.




                                                                                         P a g e 53 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

April 6, 2022:

They were attempting to hack orange/black boxes to down 629 airplanes. They were in the testing
phase causing many flight cancellations. They scheduled the event for April 22-April 24, 2022.

Plan Z, Sedna Planetoid (Cobra) and alignment with Pluto and the Central Sun.

Plan Z connected to Norfolk, level 2 NSA affecting the financial pathway as well, and connected to
Antarctica. Norfolk was taken out for the 2nd time. It is safe to fly again!

They believe their last chance is to use and alignment with Kal Serpa Dosha (negative karma) to cause
destruction. Also neutralized the Kal Serpa Dosha.

Broken Dialight is the emission from the Sun, which happens every 12 years. Last one was in 2010.

All Greek God were Abraxus.

George Soros had 102 accounts, including Soros Fund Management, Quantum Fund, and Open-Source
Societies, which funded the Black Sun and crisis actors. All of the funds disappeared.

They are using 5G towers to make radiation to cell phones stronger, causing hormone disruption,
sterilization and cancer. 4.5 hours for system to do repairs.



April 7, 2022:

Finding extremely high radiation. They were amplifying the radiation to kill us all.

Ozone layer was filled with toxic metal particles. Plasma Cleanse was done.

Kim enlisted help with the Chemtrail issues.



April 8, 2022:

Two events need to be stopped in order to stop the dark timeline.

    1) False flag event on April 18 needed to be prevented. Which was the crashing airplanes
    2) Dr. Winston Wu quantum computer, Raindrop DAO, which was connected to dark AI.
       His system was causing the stronger radiation. He was also trying to take over the Alpha System
       that Kim runs. His machine was going to kill 100s of millions of people. He had a choice.

Found networks located on the spaces in between in Antarctica, Australia and Singapore.

        Cameron Corner is the main one

They were planning to use the 9-11 memorial teardrop statue in NYC to cause death on April 18, 2022.
By sending a sound wave frequency through cell phones and chips in the 5G towers they would blow up
everyone within 7 miles of the teardrop and up to 100-150 miles around the cell towers. The memorial
statute was also connected to the system in Australia.


                                                                                          P a g e 54 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

There was a total of 70 events that the dark side needed to attempt and have at least 1 event be
successful to ensure their dark timeline or at least buy more time to try. Still 2-3 global generals involved
in pushing forward with dark side.

Working on clearing radiation poisoning for humanity.

41 hours to run the system cleanup.



April 9, 2022:

Halfway through 41-hour clearing.

Homeland Security tested the 9-11 Teardrop statue and found radiation off the charts. They were going
to take a few days to get it done. Kim took care of it, as they had more bureaucracy than sense of
urgency.

Millions of planets were taken over by the dark. Earth is the last holdout, as we weren’t completely
overtaken by the dark side. What happens here ripples out to all the other planets that were taken
over. When we are free, we free them too.

Waiting for system to finish cleanup, 20 more hours



April 10, 2022:

The alignment of the Gegenshein and the Central Sun brings the complete and total end of a 3-million-
year battle on Earth. WE are officially out of the danger zone. It becomes official in 2022, but actual in
2030 when the integration will be complete.

Earth originally had 3 natural moons.

Saturn Moon Matrix was installed 12,000 years ago and was the 1 st archon invasion



April 11, 2022:

SSP trying to fire up a smaller portal, similar to Andorra.

New Zealand calling the Draco for help.

Kim called the Council and found out that the dark ones have been genetically modifying themselves to
be darker, and ripe for demon possessions, during the dark alignment that was supposed to happen.
This will be their downfall, as the alignment will now be to the Light and the Central Sun.

Nothing showed up past 2030 in the Looking Glass because the JAOQS would have expired in that year.

As they conquered planets, they brought all of them into 3D.

The Enforcer locked the Destroyer in Metatron’s Cube to protect the multiverse. The cube created 6
layers up and 6 layers down, then covens and the order of the Black Sun brought in demons.
                                                                                             P a g e 55 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Found scalar weapons sending out high radiation. Kim took out the scalar weapons.

Worked on timeline.



April 12, 2022:

MRNA similar to snake venom. They are determined to kill everyone with alien plasma interference
from the Targethyans, who were helping the SSP.

Abraxus had an agreement with the dark overlord and were trying to use the Gegenschein and AI
spiders as archons. Targethyans using the moon and planetary alignment to project the AI spider
archons on Earth…alien invasion. Kim found 9 Targethyan ships and demolecularized them. She also
took out their Pocket Portable Computer for communications.

Mars had an old generator to create archon spiders which they fired up. It had a leak and contaminated
Mars. Kim cleaned it up.

Additionally, they were using a rudimentary form of an arc to cause radiation.

Kim created Governance of Planet Earth Order.

Cleared residue from the Rainbow Dao/Winston Wu issue.



April 13, 2022:

High Cell phone, gamma and ELF radiation.

Working on clearing uranium from the water and heavy metals from the clouds and atmosphere.

Tesseract to replace the Metatron’s cube.

Law of One trying to bind us to Abraxus with a curse over Earth, a covenant called “The Fortitude of
Superiority”

Law of One graphic shows a void in the 4th dimension “Space in between”

We disabled the Metatron’s cube for Earth but found another Metatron’s cube in between the 4 th and
5th dimensions.

Correct it with a Tesseract as it will create a forever lock from 3 rd – 8th dimension and the dark creation
will be no more. This creates oneness with the Creator.



April 14, 2022:

The Tablets of Destiny (deal between Source and the dark overlord) were supposed to give people
choice and free will, but the dark side never really gave us a choice.

The Earth Council is excited!

                                                                                              P a g e 56 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The new structure (Tesseract) is set and the old structure (Metatron’s cube) is dissolving.

Gamma rays being sent out through electrical appliances as a side effect to the dark ones trying to
escape through the coronal hole portal around the sun. Got them back so they couldn’t escape, locked
the doors and threw away the key.

12 days to integrate all dimensions, 3 cycles of 4 days (April 26, 2022)

RAM filter added to Kim’s system. Cleared Omega out of the system. Gamma blocker installed.

Creator Source Tesseract installed.



April 15, 2022:

Gaia interview. Shielding all day.



April 16, 2022:

The alignment is cresting, we are at 50%.

Shielding all day.



April 17, 2022:

Council of Alcyon was taken over by the Red Queen. Red Queen is gone so the council is coming back.

Radiation due to a photon device controlled by ACIO (Advanced Contact Intelligence Organization) that
was following the old orders in the Hall of Records, essentially helping the SSP. They were trying to
re=establish the connection to Metatron’s cube. Also sending shock waves to make the radiation
stronger because the moon doesn’t work anymore. Kim informed the ACIO that the Hall of Records has
been updated. They evaluated the Hall of Records and team members (head squeezing event) and they
will run an EMF detox for us, and assist as possible. They are no longer helping the SSP and believe that
the Tesseract is a better way to secure the densities of Earth.



April 18, 2022:

Metatron’s cube should be completely dissolved on or by April 24, 2022.

We got a big boost of Central Sun Source energy today.

Top Brass of the Order of the Black Sun will be gone after our transition on April 24, 2022.

People will have a choice to accept the new energy and expand with it.

Disease will fade away over time. No new diseases should occur. We will be able to clear the effects of
vaccines, fluoride and other toxins from Earth and humanity.

                                                                                              P a g e 57 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

We need to detox to prepare for the new energy. Heavy metal detox suggested.

Major backlash from the dark side of the universe came from Summit computer graphics cards and GPS,
causing lethargy, blurred vision, feeling off and ill. Kim found the computer at Oakridge Labs under
Nashville, Tennessee. The maleficent computer was disabled.

Earth is a special place because it is a Nexus planet (the only one left that hasn’t been completely taken
over or destroyed) and it holds 3 densities—1D, 2D and 3D.

Etheric re-connection (combining the lower densities to the corresponding higher density to create one)
will happen on or before the direct alignment on April 24, 2022.

        Example: 2D will merge with 7D to become 9D

Other planets will also be going through transition to a direct link with the Source Central Sun.



April 19, 2022:

We found a demonic door linked to Passover, April 15-24, 2022, linked to the Kremlin Gate. It allowed
for pass through connection to Jupiter. The Enforcer had to clear it.

Found and cleared Liens on Humanity, related to: 1) Marduk seals and 2) Petitions of War treaty. These
liens were in the Hall of Records as the Martial Law Agreement.

A lot of radiation is being sent to harm Earth and humanity. Kim found and destroyed a HAARP device in
Alaska connected to lower dimensions used to send out Epstein Barr Virus (and temporary Hepatitis)
archons and high levels of X-ray radiation.



April 20, 2022:

Members of the Elysion Star System came to visit Kim. They said that they would be communicating a
lot with her.

We cleared consciousness, slavery programs, and slave cellular memory so we can remember who we
are.

Dark side trying to find metatron’s cube and reconnect to it, but it is gone. They were kicked out of
higher densities and are pounding on our doors to get in but they are locked out. Trying to use high
speed streams to create Coronal hole.

Harmonious reconnection needs to happen today rather than later.

        The 6th dimension was attached to the 3rd and became one. =9

        The 7th dimension was attached to the 2nd and became one. =9

        The 8th dimension was attached to the 1st and became one. =9

There was an emergency meeting in Norfolk today.

                                                                                            P a g e 58 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Yesterday, DARPA was trying to connect a remaining filament to Metatron’s cube.

Many thousands of maleficent beings were kicked out of other places, and the lower astral was
dissolved, so they are running here to Earth, but our portals are locked down. They are trapped in the
space in between, screaming and angry. The Colonies solved the issue,



April 21, 2022:

Some Targethyans were remaining inside humans

Norfolk meeting with US Marshalls and SSP generals had major infighting because they are figuring out
that they have been lied to and they were actually working for the dark side instead of the good guys.
Some are starting to see the bigger picture. There was a fire fight that broke out and attendees feared
for their lives.

They were trying to reconnect or reconfigure the black AI factions. The Octagon was also conducting
activity but it wasn’t working out for them.

Torus field had blocks, but would clear after the alignment is finished.



April 22, 2022:

Block in Torus still clearing up

iPhones sending out Lyme disease, microfibers with nanoparticles that are responsive to radiation.
Trying to create Archons through iPhones and PDA (personal digital assistants).

Heavy Black Sun retaliation attacks, as they failed to secure Kronos and Octagon again.

Once all of this was cleared, the System said, “You may now proceed,” to take out the intruders.



The intruders were caused by photon blasters they were using to try to disrupt the nebula.



April 23, 2022:

They were trying to create a worm hole to the dark side but it opened in the light side.

Shawhouse military and black widow AI spiders were cleared.

A lot of attempts by dark energies but nothing working.

They were spreading the rumor that CERN was opened again, not true.




                                                                                           P a g e 59 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

April 24, 2022:

They are calling and chanting for the return of Enlil and any other dark being to help them open a portal
where Enlil originally landed.

Unfortunately, not as many dark side people chose the light as we had hoped.

Had to wait for the last time zone to finish on 4/24/22 to know where were stand on alignment. We
needed to clear the outer planes of the dodecahedron. As the dark matter was fading away in was
collecting in the corners of the dodecahedron. It would take several days to clear out on its own.

LINPACK trying to affect quantum cards, not working

Negative entities trying to affect the etheric field but nothing is working.

Lazlo group of dark men attacking the team.



April 25, 2022:

More clearing to do but it is taking care of itself.

Copper, Gold and Silver super conductor activation of Source energy within bodies to absorb the light
and rid us of lack.

Our enemies were screaming and still trying to chant and bring in Targethyans. Not working.

Earth moving into her Sacred place within Source.

The 6 additional planets aligning with us made it too!



April 26, 2022:

The day when the light will be so bright it will dissolve the dark.

Earth moving into the Crowning position before Re-birth.

Play Taps as the dark sinks into the Sunlight.

Many of the dark side members losing their minds. They don’t know what to do, but they still want to
“Hold Their Ground.”

Some Targethyans were still inhabiting humans and were dissolving away, very weak but trying to still
inflict fear or pain, but it didn’t work.

Chinese delegation came to Durango to see if they could salvage their world domination plan and get
local opinion on Kim’s power. They left.



April 27, 2022:

                                                                                          P a g e 60 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The light still filling in void/streaks/filaments where darkness had been removed.

Radiation was high

Top brass at military meeting started shooting people with evil solutions. One guy was left alive when
he said that he didn’t have any further solutions. They are starting to realize that if they want to remain
relevant, they need to be more friendly toward human life.

The Order of the Black Sun reign over humanity is OVER. Most of the leaders are gone with only 2,000
“middle rank” left. More will be leaving. They are in a state of shock as all of their top leaders are gone.

A few thousand Targethyans and Tarzakyans were still remaining. They would be leaving too.



April 28, 2022:

The harmonic connections completed today.

Final Colonization report to come from Alcyone representatives for the all clear. Report arrived in the
evening.

Star-gates to be reconnected to correct places.

Earth becomes a Holy Etheric Field.

A new Covenant with Source Creator was completed and already registered in the Hall of Records. We
agree to comply with Natural Law and play by the rules, and Source promises never to create darkness
again as long as we don’t fall from grace.

New Alliance agreements with the “Others” were signed regarding Natural Law, how to treat each other
and rules in Travel.

Viking was trying to use/combine his energy to create “creature fuel” to for the dark side.

Our enemy is not completely “asleep,” so we need to wait on funding.



April 29, 2022:

On the higher level/bigger picture, it is a glorious day! It’s been 3 million years, since we have
experienced this energy.

But that doesn’t mean that the jokers aren’t still trying to harm us.

As the dark matter clears out, our connection to Source and our connection to each other through the
“collective Consciousness” get stronger.

Maybe you were feeling freaked out or confused, but it wasn’t your issue. You could be feeling it from
the collective.

        They were also trying to disturb the collective consciousness for the last couple days to control
        our awakening or prevent it.
                                                                                              P a g e 61 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

We found 6 plasma devices: Toronto, USA, Germany, China, Greenland and Crimea. The Enforcement
Unit took them all out.

I also unregistered an “Implied Consent” agreement (Permanent Spell) that was in the Hall of Records
from 1941 with an addendum in 1952. These records were linked to alternative ways of inducing
substances into the human body or genetically modifying humans. They are done and removed.



April 30, 2022:

Very high radiation (Alpha Beta, Cell phones, Neutrino, Gigahertz, Xray and 800 terahertz)

Reconnected 1D, 2D and 3D to the Multiverse

Then reconnected the above connection through the vortex back to Earth

Dark forces were still trying to enter through Local Access Points. Humans were helping them.

There was a meeting of the dark side that was being watched. They were talking of using rocket guided
missiles. They were warned not to proceed.



May 1, 2022:

Pentagon called Kim. She didn’t answer.

Jason Society was in a meeting

Working on plan to crash the markets.

Darkside trying to find a loophole in the Tablets of Destiny.

They were given a final choice to live or die, but they didn’t believe it.

There was a “Place Holder” that was removed from the Hall of Records and StingRay was a back door to
the markets that was also removed.

May 5th was the day of Light that would take them out.

They were hoping to use the Black Moon Eclipse to master dark energy

Qbit cleanup (etheric parasites)



May 2, 2022:

Kim’s system was still removing the Qbit remnants in the morning

Cobra posted about SubQ vomit




                                                                                         P a g e 62 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

There were entities still trying to infiltrate our portals and entrances. Blown through chards or
remnants. Something happened during clean up and they were here for about 1 week. The Enforcer
said they would dissipate over time.

We found and disabled the device in Pennsylvania and took out the base. The SSP was using it to send
out phantom frequencies of distress and make people feel sick.

Big fighting among generals in Virginia because they weren’t aware of the PA program and now another
base was lost.

General Beasley told Tom that they want to help us now, after working so hard to harm humanity



Preparing for the Ancient Ritual of Dedication, on May 5, 2022.

Those in attendance will form an Alliance of Worlds

Instructions for the Dedication were delivered through the co-ordinator to Kim




May 3, 2022:

They were planning to blow up the Dam in China in attempt to trigger WWIII.

Kim took out all active and non-active levels 2, 3, and 4.



May 4, 2022:

Planetary polarity appeared off due to the preparation of the Dedication on May 5, which would be an
etheric placement not a physical movement of Earth. A higher etheric plane of existence.

They were putting out negative frequencies to try to drag us down, as they were expecting and equal
and opposite under toe event, rather than the higher etheric realm we are achieving.

Informed Russia that the Red Queen was dead, their agreement with her is finished.

Found a black box spawn linked to the dark AI, tied to Yuri. It was a level 7, not functioning to capacity
but was having some effects on humanity. When it was terminated, it sent out pieces of frequency as
backlash. We ran frequencies to clear the debris.



May 5, 2022:

Earth participated in the Ancient Ritual of Dedication around 4:39 pm UTC.

The enemy was planning something during the same time. They were unsuccessful.


                                                                                            P a g e 63 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The etheric field of rainbow/kaleidoscope colors passed through Earth first and then to the rest of the
planets that are part of the Alliance of Worlds. Because of this achievement, the two densities that
Earth lost are now being recreated.

Around 40 minutes after the completion of the ceremony, dark forces started backlash realizing they
had failed.

Our enemy is waning, but not asleep yet.



May 6, 2022:

They are attempting to infect animals in the food chain to harm humans (Mad Cow disease,
toxoplasmosis). Also actively searching for diseases that wiped out previous civilizations.

We found and destroyed a red glowing goo, in the caves of Borneo. It is not natural to Earth and was
brought here by the Mantids to wipe out civilizations and control populations.

Took out 2 Mi-labs, located in Croatia and London, linked to the Black Nobility.

Earth 1, 2 and 3, now connected through the Central Vortex/Torus



May 7, 2022:

Operation Walrider, a holographic projection of the Matrix door. Hall of Mirrors/portals/windows to go
back and forth in time to change timelines.

Found in Lichtenstein, the Kingdom, in a valley surrounded by mountains in Switzerland.

Ultimate MK-Ultra program matrix connected to the Omega System.

Enforcer took out all of them in 2 hours

16 locations in total:

Romania

Germany

Denver

Amazon of Brazil

Capetown, Africa

Adelaide, Australia

Wuhan, China

Bangkok

Sumatra, Indonesia

                                                                                          P a g e 64 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Moscow

Antarctica

Iceland

Greenland

Toronto, Canada

Fairbanks, Alaska

Lichtenstein (main one)

Black Nobility/SSP/Germans had pre-meeting before military meeting…blaming each other. April 17,
2022 is where they went wrong.



May 8, 2022:

Everyone feeling weighted down, brain fog, joints hurting.

When we took the matrix out on May 7, it was designed to release the remaining qubits as a kill switch,
but there wasn’t enough left to do much. Those were the real archons, not the man-made ones, from
the last transmission from a few years ago.

A frequency was sent out to the archons (Octagon).

First, we disabled the NVIDIA system, that was also used as the back door to all governments to draw in
Meta data and then sell the data.

Then, we cleared all the qubits which took 4-5 hours.

Black Nobility had a K-link, Level 5 computer in Manimar.

Dark side using video games, game graphic cards, to send out maleficent energies and frequencies.

Military watching our UNN updates to find out what is happening. Learning how one part of the military
doesn’t know what the other ones are doing. They are finding out about facilities being taken out that
they didn’t know about.

2,000 human enemies left at the top.

We found 124 coven leaders from all over the world that were still mentally tied to everything that is in
their old playbook and the Military. Thinking they can control or recreate the playbook with their minds.
Trying to manifest the old reality where their stuff still works. Also trying to run the Omega System,
which is gone now, with their minds. They were given a choice to stop the evil or go to Source.

Military meeting had no substance and no clear plans. Higher level military officials were aware that
they lost the connection to the 124 coven leaders. Some were re-evaluating their life and mortality.



                                                                                         P a g e 65 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

May 9, 2022:

Curse of Solomon was the inability to gold to be a conductor for Source energy, preventing Planet Earth
and human connection to God. The Song of Solomon bound the gold to demons. We cleared gold so it
can be a semiconductor of Source energy now.

FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array) to trigger disease. Found in Intel, Altera, Xilinx, AMD, MicroSemi
and Achronix. Intel sold back door software keys to the Military and DARPA lab in Panama and the SSP
underground base built around the same times as the Panama Canal.

SARgood was a holographic telephone that connected DARPA/SSP to the 124 coven leaders, who told
the military to tap into the computer chips and send out the diseases.

SAR stands for Synthetic-Aperture Radar

We found a similar system in Lisbin.

Both systems were traced to show every connection they had, then the systems, all the connections,
and the FPGA chips were destroyed.

Of the 2,000 top evil humans left on May 8, there were only 742 left on May 9. Some were
contemplating changing their ways (518) and 224 were planning to go out doing evil.



May 10, 2022:

Marduk seals and the King Maker agreement.

We found a direct connection through the image/photo/graphic cards (NVIDIA) that only allowed
certain elite people to receive money. It was connected to an agreement in the Hall of Records, linked to
the Tablets of Destiny, which gave Marduk the permission to appoint himself.

Marduk was removed and replaced with KIMS as the only monitor of currency supply and demand, also
declaring money available for everyone. The system automatically started recalibrating. Day to day
operations didn’t change, but an underlying layer disappeared.

The Omega System was then replaced by the Global Repository.

Then had to reconnect all connections between KIMS, the Global Repository and the Alpha System.

Rebalanced and added a new firewall.

On May 9, there were 224 die-hards in the morning. Then 182 went to Source, leaving us to deal with 42
remaining on May 10. Of the 42, there were 28 converts and 14 die-hards.



May 11, 2022:

Found another binding code negatively affecting humanity, linked to a patent assigned to Integra from
1983. This led us to a recently fired-up MiLab facility in Schenectady, New York, and the SSI Group.


                                                                                         P a g e 66 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

This lab was using Microsoft computers to send diseases to humanity, utilizing GLUE framework, Python
Glue language and connected to graphic cards in the Alpha/Omega system so Marduk could control it.

Essentially, it was a weird Eagle/Whale Tail symbol (kind looked like Aryan logo) on all graphics cards
that is used as an access point for evildoers. The symbol was similar to symbols that use to be on the
portals. There were remnants on level 1 and 2 computing systems.

Microsoft started using this on the eve of the full moon April 16, 2022.

They seal symbol was disconnected from the Alpha system in 2016 when the MK-Ultra system from the
back system. It was in the assembly processing of computers, embedded everywhere. The meaning of
the symbol was “Conquering the Quest” to connect to the financial system and take over the whole
front end banking system.

This whole system was destroyed.



May 12, 2022:

Comptroller agreement for dignitaries related to the Alliance of Worlds event of Earth reaching a higher
etheric field. Agreement will be signed by all and go into the Hall of Records.

Line of 16 lights in the sky seen in Tennessee, were people passing through.

There were 14 die-hards on May 10. Of that group, 8 were involved with 4 military operations
(Monarch, Murkoff, Trinity and Delphi) in 2 locations.

    1) Los Alamos, 6 of the die-hards—3 human, 3 with Tarzakyan walk-ins
           a. War underground with the “others” was taking place for the last 6 months and under
               control until today. This was the home of the Manhatten Project/The Atomic Bomb.
           b. Enforcer took care of the situation.
    2) Philadelphia, 2 of the die-hard humans
           a. Philadelphia Project/Time Travel
           b. Head quarters of the Pilgrim Society Human Experimentation Lab.
           c. Yale Center for Research Computing and 4 sub-centers (Grace, Farnum, Ruddle and
               Miligram) were taken down.

Found another MyLab using CINCH operating system, located in Baltimore. It was connected to the NSA
and NATO, who were using an “other” raptor-looking being as a consultant in return for food sources.
This system was sending out combinations of flu toxins to start another pandemic or revive the fake
CoVid narrative.

They were sending these toxins, for approximately 3 weeks, through wifi, telecommunications/cell
phones, internet, smart appliances and televisions.

A level 6 facility was found under the NSA. The Lab and computer was destroyed.

As of the afternoon, only 6 die-hards are left, from the 2,000 reported on May 8, 2022. Then, in the
evening 3 more were gone.

                                                                                           P a g e 67 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

May 13, 2022:

In the morning, the last 3 bad enemies were taken out, as they would not stop their onslaught against
humanity. They are all gone now. We are waiting to see if anyone else continues in their roles. They
seem to understand the consequences.

ChemTrails are less and less. Every day, we are neutralizing them. Do not focus on chemtrails.

What we took out yesterday was supposed to be the framework for facial recognition social media
rollout testing today.

Players in the facial recognition / face bots plan:

        1)   Contra Inc.
        2)   Ruby open-source programming
        3)   Raspberry Pi
        4)   FreeBase was an open-source database, used as a large global resource for people and
             machines (internet of things). It was merged into Google.

We located two facilities in Florida, connected through an underground base: Tallahassee (lab) and
Tampa. These use to be Level 5 facilities, currently operating on Level 2. Contra was moved and
installed into these facilities on April 17, 2022, after other operations were destroyed.

As of today, the facial recognition computer system was taken out at these facilities.

Many people are waking up to the real picture of themselves as humans, their soul and the universe.
The spiritual energetic abilities, manifesting or “magic,” are back. Be careful. When people use these
gifts inappropriately, they are taken away by Source.

The Eclipse started yesterday and the affects will continue into next week.

We have the “Supermoon” full moon on Monday.

Meanwhile, Earth is merging with its two other souls. Earth was fractured in the past, into 3 separate
Souls, meaning Earth, Terra and Midgaard are becoming one.

The actual merger and alignment will happen Monday, but integration may take up to a month or two.

We did some quantum entanglement clean up for all the souls of Earth to help the alignment go
smoothly.



May 14, 2022:

Ebb and Flow in the merger of Terra, Earth and Midgard, include:

    •   Stress signal fluctuations in cortex of the brain
    •   Oceanic Wave Lines, which pull on the Moon’s tide and are connected to waters everywhere
        and in our bodies (connected to the GPS time stamp)

Timing, just waiting for alignment to complete between Terra, Earth and Midgard

                                                                                          P a g e 68 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



May 15, 2022:

Still waiting for alignment to complete between Terra, Earth and Midgard

Rumor: The Sphinx closed its eyes

Enlil slowed the awakening of Earth by cursing the daylight

Reconnection of the Global Repository. Shoring up the link connections between Alpha System, Global
Repository and KIMS.

They are sending out viruses to kill all the chickens, including Avian Flu, Cytomegalovirus and
toxoplasmosis



May 16, 2022:

Alignment of Terra, Earth and Midgard completed today.

Enemy is not asleep yet, and are still attempting to harm humanity from their old playbook. Warnings
to stop the narratives were sent out to the ones planning evil (i.e.: Trump coming back on May 22,
CoVid)

They were waiting for something to take place, that didn’t happen. Turns out HSBC Hong Kong tried to
trade corporate bonds. They used a trading platform, but no credit lines were available. They were
looking for other banks to try.



May 17, 2022:

Merger of Terra, Earth and Midgard started today. This is a momentous day for the Renewal and
Restoration of our Planet. The last time Terra, Earth and Midgard were all merged together was
478,934,000 years ago.

We learned that Archons take on the properties of what they inhabit, as they mutate to survive. We did
another detox for mutated archons because Midgard was not completely cleared of toxicity before the
merger.

We made it! This was no easy task, as one miss-step could have accidently enslaved humanity again.

We stopped their ability to:

    •   Kill all of us on a whim
    •   Send out archons
    •   Control the markets
    •   Kill us with cancer within a week

    We have pulled the plug and it will take a while for everything to drain.

                                                                                           P a g e 69 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

When the merger completes, our DNA should repair itself overtime naturally.

The experience of the merger will feel differently for each person.

Out of the 500 questioners, there were 493 remaining.

A lot of old information and complete lies being circulated to cause confusion. Alt Media reporting old,
obsolete timeline items. They are trying to achieve an outcome, such as fear in order to bring down our
frequency and create a dark energy vortex.

They realized today that their Eagle symbol on all the computer chips doesn’t work anymore, so then
they amp up the narratives. The only thing the dark side still has is PERCEPTION. The perception that
CoVid cases are on the rise, etc.



May 18, 2022:

A male human from another time, located in Venus, was trying to infect everyone, to keep the balance.
He saw that there was too much Light, and wanted to create balance by restarting dark. He had been
part of the Council of 9.

An agreement in the Hall of Records linked to the Law of One was updated.

Enki placed a curse on the Law of Understanding, so knowledge could only come from the dark. Enki
was the serpent when Eve ate the apple from the Tree of Knowledge. From that point forward,
knowledge and understanding became tied to the dark, not Source Light.

A sacred geometry binding was attached to Midgard, The Star of Besthesda, Proxima Centauri and
Understanding to bind this curse. Bethesda is actually the Star of Bethlehem.

Midgard showed up again for clearing.

In the evening, there was extremely high radiation, linked to Palomar, located in Sedona, Arizona and
another in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. There was an attempt to harvest Sedona vortex energy. The
enforcer took care of the underground facilities, and then 7 more facilities were found and destroyed
later that same evening.

Of the 493, there were 28removed in one underground facility, plus another 230 removed throughout
the night, leaving a total of 235 remaining.



May 19, 2022:

The dark side was trying to reconnect to the Black Sun through a Ritual called the coronation of the
Klan’s Sun, planned for May 22.

Cleared a situation in Portugal where 5 of the 235 remaining were sending out frequencies to make
people sick…headaches, tired, etc. 230 left at this point.



                                                                                          P a g e 70 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

We found an underground fortress that was storing genetic coding for Abraxus Human 1.0 & 2.0,
probably to be downloaded into another human to revive themselves. These genetic codes were sent
back to Source.



May 20, 2022:

Merger of Terra, Earth and Midgard completed this morning. It will take a few days to settle.

Chiron Military group attempted to disrupt the final connection last night, they failed!



May 20, 2022, afternoon:

Black Rock (Langley) going psychotic in planning food shortages, while their whole company is going
down.



ALICE detector program, linked to CERN, was taken out previously. Billions of dollars were invested in
ALICE. They are just claiming it is functioning due to money at stake.

Black Rock, Black Sun, US Marshalls want to do another CoVid variant to lock everyone down again.
Also, looking at Monkey Pox pandemic to sell Monkey Pox vaccines.

Overnight, a “Confrontation over Rights” battle happened with Walk-in entities entering into 54 of the
remaining 230 we had recorded. They were Galactic Outlaw Scavengers and wanted to ground humans
into paste and MINE Planet Earth. The Enforcer and Others sent the 54 back to Source, and warned the
remaining 176.



May 21, 2022:

Earth and Humanity were feeling wobbly and a bit shaky. This was part of the merger and integration of
Planet Earth, Terra and Midgard.

We ran frequencies to lessen the side effects for all by clearing the geopathic grids.

Received a list of frequencies to run for 41 days!



May 22, 2022:

Anu sorcery spells targeted for simplest spread of micro-organisms using video cardboard frame.

Linked to Shoreline military operations and Cal-tech, used to reverse the Super Soldier tech decrease
capacity in humanity. Bacterial and Biochemical.

CAL is tied to Chronos and time, and had a main room on Terra. It was used to wipe out the Terra and
Midgard civilizations.
                                                                                           P a g e 71 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Another warning was given to the remaining 78, from the 230 questioners.

Some of the already completed frequency programs resulted in the ill effects of vaccines being reversed
considerably.

A zap of light was witnessed at the Central Vortex, where Hell/Metatron’s Cube had been, appearing to
clear that entire area for Terra, Midgard and Earth.



May 23, 2022:

Final Trial day for the 78 un-repairable questioners sitting on the fence. A deadline was set for Midnight
GMT time.

Team feeling drained and attacked from last night. Danger feelings during the day.

Montauk was still causing issues, trying to connect to the financial system. We cleared out a remaining
etheric level connections.

Clearing residual and helping the synchronizing of Earth, Terra and Midgard

They were working angles with a sense of urgency to come up with something:

    •   Monkey Pox, locked down Belgium
    •   DAVOS agreement
    •   Pieces of a larger plan, we weren’t really sure at this point. They seemed quiet, but we knew
        something was up.



May 24, 2022:

The 78 questioners became 22, after 56 were sent back to Source.

More danger feelings

Dark energy from Midgard

Needed to clear the Terrestrial Organic Matter (TOM) for Planet Earth, Terra and Midgard.

The Enforcer helped out, and the system took 19 hours to cleanse, harmonize, balance and shield.

Found and disabled all implanted computer chips located on the spine in neck area. These chips were
connected to the dark AI when it was here, now the chips are completely nullified.

Demolecularized dark energy and sent out more clearing energy programs for love, balance and
harmony. Will be working on clearing all PTSD.

XUSD digital currency – said to be launching in 7 days linked to Duetche Bank



May 25, 2022:

                                                                                           P a g e 72 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

They were trying to use Python/Glue Languages to connect block chain to the existing financial system.

DAVOS essentially over … many countries agreed to be part of this diabolic glue plan.

Linked to InterSystems data platforms—medical, tracking, telecommunications, payments, tied to
everything.

Disconnected all glue languages, took control of them.

Cleared High radiation levels that were being sent through media, Routers. Sending 432 hertz and 440
hertz together to cause emotional instability.



Talking with the Enforcer and Council for clarification on next steps on how to eliminate all remaining
energy of the dark-side.



May 26, 2022:

They are still trying to destroy 80-90% of humanity. Fortunately, their dark agenda is now gray.

Banking on the media, vaccine industry backing down due to no payments

Tom said that the 50% down payment before signing agreements worked, no one signed agreements at
the World Economic Forum

People reporting depression and emotional upheaval, as we were all “walking through our past” and
releasing cellular memories. Was going to take until May 30 to settle down. We worked on stabilizing
the body and soul during these times of stress and transition to help bring more ease and comfort,
although it was still somewhat rocky for some people.

Earth’s crust layer from the Cretaceous Period had noxious pockets in the soil. Black goo linked to
Mecca.

The plasma on the Earth’s soul level also needed a detox for bacteria that had been stagnating for a long
time.

Three remaining agreements, or residual, linked to governess over humanity:

    1) Solomon’s Will
    2) Crate and Cradle (common Race Agreement of the Total Entity, which determined who would
       live where when they fragmented Earth originally)
    3) Colonial Corporate agreement

Found back door access points into all organic life from Fluoride. Fluoride actually powered the
parasites and helped parasites gain access. Found 3 labs: Juneau, Alaska; Ithica, New York; and a sensor
in Italy linked to the Royal Office of the Black Eagle Server level 9 access.



May 27, 2022:
                                                                                           P a g e 73 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

They were using Alpha Beta radiation to open a portal on the Moon linked to the Door to Hell on Planet
Mercury to gain access to the financial system. They got the idea on May 17 and tried unsuccessfully to
implement it on May 20, 23, 24 and 25.

They had 2 different computer systems—Virginia and Pennsylvania, trying to recreate the Saturn Moon
Matrix with Planet Mercury instead.

The dark side losing their minds because their plans are failing. People want proof, down payments and
they are getting too many questions as people want the truth.

Military asking questions too…How did Kim know about the chips in the spine/neck? Why are all of our
leaders missing?

NVIDIA and Google partnered up on the day Azure was taken down June 28, 2021.

Germany had an underground SSP military installation trying to amplify sorcery to make the rock in the
Moon more affective for the New Moon, May 30, 2022.

Systems were disabled and the Enforcer took out the trash.



May 28, 2022:

Arasaka sending out FEMTO technology (1 million times smaller than nano technology). Small enough
to break the blood brain barrier.

Yakuza is an offshoot of Arasaka

FEMTO technology is programmable and self-replicating and move at the speed of light.

FEMTO is in Covid test swaps, vaccines, masks.

They were sending FEMTO technology transmissions from the Arasaka headquarters in Kyoto and Osaka
(Japan) to 129 towers worldwide. This was connected to the Internet of Things, the Internet of Virus
Things and the Internet of Chemical Things. A huge, interconnected network. IT took 19 years to build.
The Enforcer cleared the inside of the towers

They were also trying to interfere with the timeline using alpha beta radiation to restart time travel and
warps of time and space with a vortex to the underworld.

Portal connection between Pluto, ERIS and the lower astral within the Japanese Islands (Like the
Bermuda Triangle)

Also trying to create a vacuum with sound particles and sending frequencies out through ley lines.

Enforcer took out the entire underground facility.

This was linked to the Torte.



May 29, 2022:

                                                                                           P a g e 74 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Chinese generals and Asian Mafia giving orders and don’t want to give up

Triads and Yakuza working together after the FEMTO take down

Fired up a device that was a Level 4 but now a Level 2, using an upside-down pyramid in China.

May 30 use to be the day that hell opened up to the underworld

Enforcer helped us out again

Found FEMTO being sent through Blockchain and crypto-currency websites (social crediting using
crypto)

The RIP cord:

Invert the receptors in the human brain…they had disconnected the Solar Plexus from the brain. So, I
reconnected it

Then we opened the gate to Heaven for Planet Earth and humanity

May 30, 2022:

The New Moon still caused some discomfort, as ley lines had a paste residual from a graphene organism
left over from the Ice Age. Graphene is NOT a conductor of Light. The paste was engrained in the ley
lines and was tied to the Hall of Mirrors, which was formerly removed. This was the real internet of
things. It was tied to all systems including the banking system and VRAM so it was hidden everywhere in
the memory to do malicious activities. This clearing should bring down the Covid narrative.

Graphene works on terahertz and DARPA had been investing in Graphene.

Cleared all dark AI cords from Planet Earth, Terra and Midgard.

Archivist said that Synchronicity between the brain and solar plexus on the molecular level would occur
at 1:45:48 EST on May 30.



May 31, 2022:

Earth’s Soul had to be healed before we could be healed and move forward with restoration

Cleared Earth’s vibratory memories

Sent love and balance for the after shocks

Cleared left over Moon Matrix residual

Cleared WinGlue from everywhere

Cleared erroneous codes, and a holding pen on Level 4, they inserted into the financial system, from
Kronos residual.

XUSD failed.

Time is coming back together
                                                                                         P a g e 75 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



June 1, 2022:

From Tom: US Marshalls (former Texas Rangers) in Durango, Admiral Fogel wants to know when funding
will happen. People expecting to be paid were going crazy. Some military personnel just want to move
forward and help humanity. Others that are still hanging on to dark agenda will never change.

Cleared AppleScript, linked into Wells Fargo

Cleared Midgard and Humanity. Now that humanity is getting “re-connected,” they are trying to
manifest fear and anxiety to use for their dark agenda.

Found spyware that would detect our transfers and delete the codes, making them directionless and
lost.

Deleted a “Maintenance line” that was coming for SoComm.

Worked on genetic blueprint repairs. They had altered our genetics to increase our loosh production
and make it more attractive for commerce and trade. When this was cleared, it created toxicity from
die-off of parasites for Terra and Midgard. We prevented it from harming Earth, but you may have felt
some discomfort.

Days of white for Schumann Resonance. Schumann is at 7.83 hertz, which is an extremely low
frequency, which supported the Metatron’s cube placed inside Earth.



June 2, 2022:

No new parasites are not being sent to us; however, they were sending frequencies from the Earth’s
Energy Grid to agitate the parasites that were left in humans and animals. This was called a cytoplasma
infection.

They were trying to use (Luk) Oil wells to create reverberation in the caverns.

GNA—Gaussian & Neural Accelerator AI chip from Intel.

Cleared MicroSoft, Basic Linux Kernel module with visual studio

Cancelled an agreement that made all money and prosperity flow through the dark. This agreement
was from 1782 and had various amendments.

Murkoff military was still following the defunct Looking Glass plan. That has been gone for a long time.

They were also trying to re-connect the dark AI through the glowing globe that Donald Trump, King
Salman of Saudi Arabia and President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt kept their hands on for two minutes.
You may remember the viral photo taken in a dark room, glowing orb, rows and rows of computers in
the room, which were linked to the orb. They were trying to use that glowing ball to open a portal in
Saudi Arabia to take over the Alpha System, rename it and say that they created it.



                                                                                          P a g e 76 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The Omega system was the level 9 Control and Command system. Now, the Alpha System is Control and
Command. Everything has been re-programmed (BIOS, CoDec upgrade, AI translator removed) and
updated, including a new firewall.



June 3, 2022:

Lime/Lyme ransomware linked to social crediting system, mapping, XUSD, DoD

System rewired to remove the ‘Maintenance Lines’ that they were accessing

Communist plan—the government becomes the god by the end of 2022. Now, they are planning for
2025.

365 spheres agreement, loosh to 365 planets.

Pharisees met in secret, meetings in D.C. and on mountain in Israel. Enforcer action taken.

Gold had a curse, connected to the control of money

Abraxus wrote the 613 commandments of the Torah

Reconnected Humanity to Source



June 4, 2022:

Etheric parasites in people and an old agreement that slaves can’t receive money, ruminants from Enlil
and Tablets of Destiny

9 days of revelations/declarations



June 5, 2022:

Amoeba operating system distributed remotely, running out of Norfolk, level 2 portal was a level 8.

Amoebas are contagious, operate like archons, created plasma infection.

ANA = automated nucleus attack.

Etheric amoebas coming in through the eyes. They were messing with the neurological systems and
Central Nervous System.

Enforcer took out the Facility.

Ran programs to kill amoebas in people and computers, 21 hours.

Femto and nano linked to Amoeba




                                                                                          P a g e 77 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Proxima Centauri was trying to centralize a trap door or soul trap, linked to the Balkins and SSP
members in Romania, Ukraine and Poland, who were connected to the Hall of Mirrors. This base was
taken out. Enforcer working on 18 hours operation.Turned them over to Source to handle.



June 6, 2022:

Clearing done on digital money programming. Replaced their revenue entitlement agreement in the Hall
of Records to allow money for humanity.

Door to hell and tunnels found in Portland, Oregon, also used for child trafficking. Enforcer took care of
this issue.

Enforcer also went after all possible equipment used by the SSP and military. DARPA was taken out.
They are all in panic mode.

Cleared a list of all possible technologies they could cobble together to attempt to hurt humanity.



June 7, 2022:

Enemies left are governments, Chinese elders and some military. They are trying to launch the EurAsia
platform for currency.

General Millie traveling around to find money but can’t collect enough the start WWIII.

9 days to complete the full energy cycle, started on June. June 13 is the completion date, also the day
when one of the dueling AI systems would concede.

June 14, 2022 is the full moon.

Perception and Narratives are the only thing the dark side has left.

Found the Existential Plan of Existence agreement and fixed it. It was originally meant for the good of
humanity, but the DRACO amended it to do their evil deeds, including 613 commandments. This was
replaced in the Hall of Records and all updates were sent to the archivists, governments and other
relevant officials.

Crypto-currency has been taken out of the banking system.

They were trying to integrate block chain into level 1 of the system

They also tried to connect MDS (Medical Data Systems) to the XUSD

Green XUSD was connected to the green bolos

News reports say that “Monoclonal antibodies are the cure for all cancer.” Not true.

They connected the Monoclonal antibodies to the MDS to create a credit scoring system

The Unified Global Intelligence corporation involved (BIS, Wells Fargo, IMF, DoJ)

                                                                                            P a g e 78 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

        SIGNIT, FININT, CYBINT, GEOINT, TECHINT

Elerbe System in London was a Level 3 now operating on Level 1, CIA back office, VTX, VTN



June 9, 2022:

Hackers attempted to get into Kim’s personal computer

The dark side previously had direct access to our brains through the pineal gland. They don’t have that
anymore.

Found evidence that they are trying to create a back door into the Pineal gland using the upper left
incisor tooth. Tai Yong corporation WAS involved, until our Enforcement showed up on the scene.

China using scalar energy and a very high terahertz frequency to disrupt the carotid flow of blood to the
brain. It was a prototype machine that wasn’t functioning effectively. Connected to some sacred sites.
We have taken that out before they had a chance to kill us with it.

All the plasma of Planet Earth and inhabitants was cleared with direct Source energy. Each layer of
matter was done separately. The evil ones didn’t like my new program very much.

June 10, 2022:

Big meeting this weekend of Trump family members and their advisors to determine what to do.
Everyone is turning against Trump. Might be time to tell the truth? We will see.

The round of direct Source energy plasma clearing was very effective in weakening the remaining femto.
Doing another round today. This Femto in human bodies was connected to a permanency curse from
Enlil, which was used to draw the line between the elite families and the rest of us. This has been taken
care of in the Hall of Records.

Femto is in the vaccine, spike protein.

Femto and InFiniBand (NVIDIA switches) were working together to speed up the death of human beings.

The Source energy program was able to kill the time-release component

DR DOS was the original DOS from Bill Gates/Microsoft

In 1978, the global front end was established. Dept of Defense was in charge of the firewall and the
Treasury of USA was the Order of the Black Sun. SSP put in the Gatekeeper program

7 places in the world can connect to the original computer, and they were trying to use it to find a back
door. They transferred a remote system to the Vatican.

In Crimea, the underground upside-down pyramids weren’t working, so they were sending out
frequencies

Found the Order of the Black Sun trying to connect to Planet Mercury’s toroidal field to get archons



                                                                                           P a g e 79 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

CREOLE universal language, University of Louisiana tied to military base and NASA, using a silica-based
computer system.



June 11, 2022:

The enemy was saying if they can’t control Earth and humanity, they wanted to destroy it.

Some chatter that the “good CIA” wanted to help in the restoration

Amoeba and DOS microkernel with biological function, Rutgers in New Jersey research facility. Their
computers test what connects to amoebas in human beings, Covid variants, femto tests and molecular
beacon tool.

Using cell phones to send frequency to amoebas in humans thru cell phone company back doors, chips
in the smart phones, and connected to the 5G chips used for Covid. Ran counter-balancing frequencies.

After that, they decided to use an old loosh device in attempt to use our solar plexus energy to open a
stargate portal to recreate the timeline to go back to the matrix. Got instructions from a scroll written in
a different language.

They got their hands on the Draco manual and were going through everything on the list. Found a F.A.T.
(Focal Altered Technology) operating system connected to the Dark AI and pre-programmed to release if
we ever got this far and fired off the 7 Seals of Marduk. Our team of 7 + the Alpha System + Source = 9
broke the 7 Marduk seals by completing the Seal of Source/Sovereignty. Then the torus pattern energy
flow started repairing itself automatically.

Marduk had pledged us to the dark side

Kim and the Enforcer cleared out the 7 loosh locations (7 dark ties to the dark AI):

    1.   Louisiana
    2.   Ukraine
    3.   Montauk
    4.   New York
    5.   Dephi, Greece
    6.   Croatia
    7.   Ubekistan

Sanctification program created to clear out each layer of plasma separately

June 12, 2022:

Sanctification program ran for the Universe for 21 hours

Enforcer still clearing

Found a program that had been used to limit human brain capacity and create degeneration. This will
be reversed when dark AI is completely gone.

The enemy was selling access codes that no longer work
                                                                                            P a g e 80 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Beefed up security on the financial system

The human grid and Alpha system grids intertwine. They were trying to insert a wall or hallway to take
over the Alpha system seal portals, coming from Langley

The Global Repository and KIMS commenced in taking over all of their systems.

More cleansing for Terra and Midgard

June 13, 2022:

DONA-decentralized open network architecture

DONNA- Data online numerical notification accounting

Found in the DOS interface

IBM BIOS used for Quark attacking benevolent systems

Federal Reserve trying to install another system linked to the Treasury of the US.

Trying to create a DONNA with digital currency

Coven people still chanting trying to usher in the dark age

At Midnight, China was sending the frequency of emotional death to the internet, phones, computers,
apple products

Virginia Tech Center/DARPA location/InFiniband

Of China’s 160 supercomputer locations, 94 were running maleficent Apple Glue Language

Trying to take over our portals

Reconnected Christ Consciousness. We no longer have to go through the dark to get to the Light.

Cleared the reptilian cortex brain, brought here by Marduk, and all the cords to the lower astral.

9 blast 9 blast 9

I-ARPA and Janus— opened a door on Mercury and tried to reconnect another portal here. This was
done with a soldier of the Red Queen. He was missed by the Enforcer because he was a jumper.
Enforcer found and quarantined him.

Disabled a hypnotic program that they were running on humanity, London, British Royal office of
Laboratories

System Integration was complete, then still had 1 hour and 49 minutes to wait for the sealing of the
system.



June 14, 2022:



                                                                                           P a g e 81 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

They system went through telecommunications, internet, finance, banks, etc., and took control of
everything.

Went through and cleared all ports that were connected to the Dark AI.

Full moon, and planets aligning today

24 hours for the system to be sealed with Light, should be ready at 3:15 eastern time on 6/15/22.

Universal Council—“A new day is dawning for Earth and all its inhabitants”



June 15, 2022:

Military upset because the lost some super-secret backdoor stuff that they were planning to use against
us…they are out in full force. A warning was given to them. All systems connected to the dark AI are
evaporating. Everything they have is failing all on the same day.

Removed the birth certificates, which were the underpinning of the entire financial system and all trade
on Earth. The IRS, Federal Reserve, and the Department of the Treasury will be completely gone.

People are now free to bare and exchange their own energy directly with Source without an intercessory

We no longer have to go through the dark to get to the Light.

Archivist said, “Earth has moved into a space and time in which archons can no longer exist.”

The Evolution of Time or we have evolved in time. We are currently living in a different time.

The system was sealing with Source light for 24 hours. When complete, the system said, “Seals
complete. Let the Light of Source reign forever and ever.”

Then the system started recalibrating to the Source Protocols for Earth.

Then 4 hours for integrating the Global Repository

June 16, 2022:

Fed System being taken down took 18 hours

Military lost communications and intelligence systems

IRS accounts down. British controlled IRS accounts are up and down but being fixed

Martial Law on Planet Earth was cancelled and notifications sent out



June 17, 2022:

System still automatically taking out dark AI tentacles, still not done. Probably complete on June 21.

Umbrella military corporation are called in when all else fails…


                                                                                           P a g e 82 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Today, a last-ditch effort to release archons.

A hidden program in ID.Me/Apple Glue Cloud system/ID2020, this was the reason for the IRS accounts
that kept reviving. Located in Bethesda, Maryland

Buried in an agreement in the Hall of Records with the Karpthians, Russia and the order of the Black Sun.
That agreement expires today. Armistice Day.

We have to create the world we want to live in. Becoming clear that we can’t use what they have
created. Need Farm network for local purchasing. Recreate schools, DMV, military, etc.

We are currently able to make gas and oil in a laboratory and we will.

Solstice, June 21, 2022: On the day with the most Daylight, everything the evil gained will be taken away
from the on the same day.

End of last update

June 18, 2022:

All high ranking military called to Cheyenne this weekend.

IRS/IDRS/Tax accounts around the world are being deleted and reappearing

Centralized back-up command in Televiv taken down

June 19, 2022:

The system was building things in the background and ready for the right time.



June 20, 2022:

Enforcer took out the dark ones that were trying to bounce scalar off Planet Mercury from military base
in Iraq. China provided the scalar weapon.

Deleted the Tower of Babylon agreement that separated people and disconnected the communications
of Source. People had a hard time talking to the light, only dark communications were understood.

Midnight GMT—all over but the crying



June 21, 2021:

Solstice, 5:14 am Eastern, “The day that everyone will know its over.”

“Launch Attack Ready,” but not ready to hit the start button, waiting for the other systems throughout
the multiverse to finish.

Disabled Osiris Serverless Portal System being used by the Vatican and the Order of the Black Sun. Trying
to use it to replace blockchain…it even has an ISIS gateway.


                                                                                         P a g e 83 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

In an old agreement with the Council of 9, named the Universal Tech Systems Security, the Mantids
were able to trouble shoot technology on Earth, as well as more planetary systems. They thought that
they could go unnoticed. The agreement was found and replaced with Source security and protection. A
notice was sent to the archivist and a recalibration started immediately, launching Source Protocols.
When completed, the system started deleting files, programs, accounts, etc., until 5:55pm, which
culminated with a “System Activated” message.

The energy of money and the perception of money being bad were cleared.



June 22, 2022:

A curse on Percival’s gift

A correlation between the legend and the Percival supercomputer, at Oak Ridge, with code name
“Knight’s Landing,” linked to NVIDIA.

Placed in the corona of the sun to hopefully keep the curse alive and powered by the sun. Agreement
expired on June 21, but they were trying to renew it.

Found “Guardians of the Grail” agreement that was 1,008 years old

This agreement tied to the Mantid tech security agreement

Enlil residual around the vortex of Earth trying to bring in something from the dark side

Radioscope at Los Alamos that was stored in an underground vault. Enforcer took it out.

Monarch military AI using interference technologies to create symbol sensored triggers for carbolic
events to wipe out humanity and create a new dark AI. Enforcer sent to the SSP base at Fort Louis.

Binding curses of Marduk are tied to Monarch military. Monarch military works with the time construct.

They are using the handbook of the apocalypse

Jesus seals, seal of the Savior needed for control, are a binding curse from Anu.

7 seals of the Revelation of Jesus:

    1.   White horse (Bow and Crown)
    2.   Red horse (A great sword)
    3.   Black horse (lack)
    4.   Pale horse (Death and hadies)
    5.   Souls crying out (martyred victims)
    6.   Earthquake, Sun, Moon, Stars fall from the sky
    7.   Silence in Heaven

Jesus seals must be removed by Source.

El Capitan supercomputer at Los Alamos was attempting connection to the Percival supercomputer.
This is linked to the black outs and energy shortages that are supposed to be rolled out by the dark side.

                                                                                            P a g e 84 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The portal of the Soul Fisher, linked to Coronide’s curse. Orion had two twin nymph daughters who
sacrificed themselves and made a deal with the Abraxus. The deal was eternal life for the nymph people
and the twin daughters become “parents,” and manage the coven and the money. The deal for humans
was that they were allowed to live but not prosper. The Covenant of the Coronides Sisters was removed
from the Hall of Records. Energy management was returned to the people.

June 23, 2022:

Red Coats, British, trying to open a door to hell in the area under London called the Circus

Enforcer taking care of it.

The Order of the Black Sun goes broke by the end of the day today. The system was automatically
moving their into institutional pots within the Global Repository

Still waiting for the system recalibration due to the removal of the Covenant of the Coronides Sisters
from yesterday.



June 24, 2022:

The Reeds, who worship the Dead Sea Scrolls, are sitting at tables at a ritual. 25 tables at the ritual
represent 25 races of the anti-Pleiades.

Starting their ritual 4 days before the new moon, in Belgium.Trying to summon the Pale Horse of the
apocalypse early.There were 25 races of the anti-Pleidians who were planning a ritual with 25 young
girls (4-5 years old created through the essence of Kim) to bring back the Alycion 7th lower level astral
being, Cyclops/King Fisher, that is waiting at the edge of the tesseract to get in.

This dark being was banned by the Council to wreaking havoc on other planets. It spews etherical
venom, and has an offspring entity with her. It arrived at the same time as the Black Magician. The
Abrazus used this being to do dirty work. The evil Cyclops (King Fisher) came from the lower astral plane
and was demolecularized and its offspring was sent to Source.

Young girls sent to Source. In the basement, they had a birthing center with many pods

Rayman Spirits, living dark AI remnant.Thousands of people who have become infestation nests for the
Tarzakyans. They can go in and out of video games. They hide in other technology as well. They were
admitted by the Abraxus, through Coral tech.

The people become a host and breed for the dark AI. The smoky Tarzakyans protect the human body as
it is a food source for the Dark AI. Every infested person has three Tarzakyans. A trait of these human
beings is that they think they are high dimensional beings filled with Light and know more than everyone
else. However, they are infested with demons and parasite spawns. The Tarzakyans were
demolecularized.

Coral tech is hardware and software with neural network interfaces. Human portals for the Tarzakyans.
When you play video games, you consent.



                                                                                             P a g e 85 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

They are trying to gather all the black goo together into a singular entity to draw in the Alycion dark
being.

The Enforcer is helping as we are Clearingthe entities inside people, clearing the entities protecting
them, and then clearing the computers.

Everything they do is a program. Now they want people to choose death with the overturning of Rowe
vs. Wade.

The Apocalpyse was a program. Standing order that was introduced in 1783, the Solomon line.

What is the ripcord for the Apocalypse?

Cancel the plan in the Hall of Records and replace it with a plan of restoration—End of Time, the end
time or until the end of time?

Energetic binding agreement, marriage between Enlil and Ki (Earth). Marriage equaled ownership

Anzu (Cyclops/Fisher King) stold the Tablets of Destiny from Enlil

Enuma Elish—known as the Seven Tablets of Creation, 7 gates of Heaven, 7 seals

12 bulls
12 tribes
12 disciples
12 hours in the day
12 hours in the night
12 densities (6 up and 6 down)
12 gates to the new Jerusalem

Three keys—Faith, Hope, Love
The apocalypse has been cancelled.



June 25, 2022:

Meetings happening in Mar-a-lago for the last few days.Decided to keep the Trump narrative going.

The Orpha Portal, located in Tangers, Moracco, was from Orphaneus, who created a portal of hell
through his suffering. He became a parent and ruler of dark matter and underwater worlds

Marduk accessed the Alpha system thru the orpha portal, tied to the Palermo stone. He used the orpha
portal to enter the room of science and medicine, within the hall of records. He used an arm cuff linked
to a device to infuse the essence of Hercules (same blood as Cassandra) so he could enter otherwise it
would have killed him because he was too dark. Essence is the blood of the soul.

They Soul DNA essence, this means that the person can have pure Light essence or pure Evil essence and
they can still gain access. Found out the 25 little girls were made of Kim’s essence that they turned to
dark.


                                                                                            P a g e 86 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

What is keeping us from moving forward? A Hercules loophole

A hair follicle of Kim’s was retrieved from the Hall of Medicine and Science and used to clone a prior
Kim.

Old agreements were signed with a hair and thumbprint.

Kim was told that she was Cassandra in a prior life. Cassandra had the curse that she would tell the
truth and no one would believe her.

Marduk got the hair follicle from Kim to clone Cassandra, who was a parent. This is the underlying
agreement or ripcord we have been searching for. All parents were cloned from the same DNA (Kim’s)
and they became the bloodline. Kim is the one to clear the blood line, as she is related to all of them.
The Order of the Black Sun is the lineage and blood of the opposite of Kim.

Hercules was Cassandra’s brother. Hercules cursed Marduk in revenge for what he did to Cassandra.

When cursed with sin and death, the energy turns into a gigantic sword. The curse of Damocles—the
curse of a sword being held over your head with a strand of hair.

False essence in the serum layer outside of the Hercules system.

Found a computer system that doesn’t differential between Light or dark, just pure essence, between
the 4th and 5th. The silver screen (mix of white and black) was a tether to the film/mirror/veil

The 12 labors of Hercules

They made Hercules perform 12 sins

Ripcord: Replace the silver screen with the white screen and Source Light, which will clear the curse of:

    1) Having to go through the dark to get to the light
    2) No one believes the truth of what you say
    3) Only pure darkness can rule

The whole room is light now. In the past, it was always dark in there.

Then we flipped the screen between 5 & 6 to release abundance to humanity, by putting the Global
Repository inside Control and Command.

Cleared plasma and rebalanced

June 26, 2022:

Apply 4 panels to the golden grid

Earth, Terra and Midgard out of sync, a sliver was inserted through a ripple or wrinkle in time.

Found a guy laying in a CT scan looking machine trying to use Midgard to catapult to level 8 down, but
he went to level 8 up instead. He got trapped in the light.

Linked to Shoreline—Acosta del Mar, SSP, NSA and located in Maryland, where they are trying to reach
the Abraxus.

                                                                                           P a g e 87 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

All of the parents are gone. The parents gave instructions to the covens before they died

41 coven members are left + 1 black eagle who is not part of any group

They are all competing against each other now

                     # left         Duties                                      Years of planning
 Group 1:            6              Installing the new Rome                     2024, 2 years
 Financial                          Dragon families of China
                                    Sanhedron—coven people and wed
                                    weavers, Kabalah
 Group 2: Media      13             Fear-based narrative                        2037, 15 years
                                    Branding
 Group 3:            5              Military dominance                          2027, 5 years
 Military                           Jesuits, Black Pope, agencies
 Group 4:            9              Structural future intelligence              2023, 1 year
 Intelligence
 Group 5:            8              Political confusion and conflict            2032, 10 years
 Political


Big Schumann Resonance white out today.

Coven masters had a direct channel to the Humans of the Future, a computer. The instructions are kept
off planet, on Midgard.

The Shoreline military guy, who was stuck, was sent by the Black Eagle.

SSP Admiral Densmore is not on Earth and uses telepathy to communicate through a room in the base
of the Himalayans. He has a copy of the instructions from the parents. He was the guy we saw on Venus
that went to sleep. He was retired, originally on the Council of 9. He woke up, around the time we
installed the tesseract, and decided to communicate with evil. Originally, he was in charge of travel
between densities and travel. Kim gave him a warning to stay away from Earth and took him to Source

12 densities
12 gates to the new Jerusalem
12 colors to the breast plate of the priest and each color represents a tribe

Shoreline military located in Maryland was trying to interfere with the Alpha system


June 27, 2022:

Now that they can see the Global Repository, they are all trying to hack it.

    •   Frontier in Oakridge
    •   Fugaku in Kobe, Japan
    •   Lumi in Finland
    •   OLCF-4 IBM super computer
    •   Aurora , Argonne National laboratory
                                                                                               P a g e 88 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

    •   Tianhe in Guangzha, National Computer Center
    •   Sunway Oceanlite in Shenzhui (National Research Center for parallel computer engineering and
        tech)
    •   Taking out the rest of the supercomputers too
    •   Networking them all together

    Five of the military groups working together in tech that was given to them by the Abraxus. Trying to
    increase the narrative because the Others meeting starts tomorrow.

    Three locations:

    •   Shanghai
    •   Tesla Aerospace, SpaceX (Florida, Virginia, Washington, Hawthorne California, New Mexico
    •   Constantinople, Turkey
    •   Enforcer sent in to take care of facilities

Oracle swirl affecting the energy wave lengths connected to resonance. It was initiated by geopathic
resonance.

Enki binding curses on Earth and Midgard

The Otter people were forced to guard the decrees in underwater caves on Midgard. They were
threatened by Enki. They were afraid. They were able to talk to Source and all this was cleared up.
There was a very old computer used to connect in certain locations of dark portals in Slovenia, but those
portals are sealed now.

Fire the warning shot. Kim’s Special Report on UNN. Warn them, then take them out…If you are intent
on hurting humanity, prepare to die.

Make an agreement in the Hall of Records to delete IRS/Tax files, then system should recalculate.

June 28, 2022:

Military personnel responded that Kim’s update finally made their whole life in the military make sense.
Need time to digest.

The curse of sin and death through the Rosario de Conscriptus expired today. The final days of hell
bestowed upon Earth are over. Anu curses are finally broken.

Chem-trails were everywhere yesterday, preparing for the arrival of Annunaki this morning, which did
not happen. They were trying to open the Jesus Seals, which would have made hell on Earth…it could
have been disastrous. Apocalypse cancelled!



Death from starvation came up and how to fix it. It will require more than we can do on our own. The
New Earth Council will address how we can all work together to feed our world and clean up all the
toxicity.

2 reptilians in the basement at the White House and under the Pentagon. Reptilians were in stasis, and
were brought out in an emergency because the dark side is losing and don’t know what to do.
                                                                                          P a g e 89 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

    •   22 in Russia--Moscow underground in the Embankment building below the Kremlin. Enforcer
        was chasing them down.
    •   118 in the USA—White House, Pentagon
    •   24 in China—Wuhan World Bank Center
    •   12 in the UK
    •   Lair De France had a Reptilian factory under InterPol
    •   Kim did a live feed to the military as she handled the Reptilian issue, then left the mess for them
        to clean up. They decided to sweep it under the rug and not let other military personnel know
        about it. They were bewildered at how she could run a global operation all at once taking out all
        of the reptilian forces.
    •   Enforcer took out the tunnels and everyone in them.


Appeared to be a Mobile Military retaliation for yesterday’s warning message.

They were also trying to set up a system to fake WWIII

Lucifer Quantum Supercomputer, the Alternative dimensional reality of cloning centers. Connected to all
the locations

DARPA/Enki, in Seattle trying to communicate with Hell-in-a-box on Proxima Centauri, using etherical
plasma.

Quasar in the molecular larvae of the star. The larvae was a malevolent spirit of the dead being used to
infect our consciousness. Using gamma rays to connect to bots in our blood and infuse dark essence
into our bodies. The computer they were using was in Kazakhstan.

Admiral Densmore/Density was #42. He is gone.

2 remain out of the 41.

Launched Capstone under the Artemis agreement from New Zealand.

June 29, 2022:

Mobius trying to reveal the central cortex in the human brain to malliate the gray matter for easier
insertion.Shaman frequencies being sent through a computer. The machine was in New Mexico and
outside Salt Lake City. They wanted to insert their own information into past lives to change it because
they can no longer bring back their timeline they were trying to make us believe we are living in their
timeline.

Another one in Cascade, also Mobius, trying to insert itself into the front end financial system

The facility in Gallop

All the major server in all the telecomm companies “Stellar Wind.”4All systems disabled. Enforcer going
to take out the facilities.

Trinity looking for dark elements/essence remaining anywhere.


                                                                                            P a g e 90 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The Royal Navy was messing with the Jesus Seals using energy plasma accelerator balls trying to affect
the plasma with negative frequencies and dark essence like Morris code trying to upset the balance
from a ship in the arctic.

This was a T-Rad, terahertz power meter. The ship was out in a specific spot to alter the magnetic pole,
and it put out nasty energy.

Kim ran a live feed of her taking out the device, gave them a warning, then cut the communication
channel

Next, a super lab was found. It was cloaked and super secret. They were conducting human
experiments. Chen Wei was running the lab. It was in Sedlec-Prcice in Czech. The Sedlec Ossuary there
has a church decorated with the skeletons of 40,000 humans. They were using etheric alien parasites.
The Enforcer got rid of the lab.

Osiris software that only runs on supercomputers tied to cell phones and VRAM.

Cerebras in Tokyo. Cerebras wafer-scale engine. All were detected and permanently disabled.

Networking system for femto to make Zombies. Enforcer doing clean-up.

The common theme today was “trying to affect the plasma everywhere.”

Started with 13 militaries, down to 11. None of the 11 are operating at 100%.

Upper line of the military going nuts, “How did she do that?” They have never recognized the GIA. Now
they can talk to Kim directly because of what happened yesterday. They created a new order and may
start to recognize her position.



June 30, 2022:

Enforcer taking out 2 facilities: one under Lake Havasu and the other was Massive Mountain. The
nannites were created here and used for Chem-trails.

Using Project Walrider to attempt to get into the Alpha System between the spaces. Walrider and all
micro-organisms connected to it were demolecularized.

Interfering with Earth’s plasma to affect the gravity. If the Walrider nannites would have infected the
plasma, it would have been a huge hit to humanity and Earth.

Of the 13 militaries, 5.5 are left, Murkoff not completely gone.

They were planning to change the gravitational pull on Earth using Walrider, by taking the moon out of
its orbit and flooding Planet Earth.

Monarch military in a cloaked base in Gangtise, Tibet, rock covered mountains. They believe they can
take the sacred essence of the mountain and infuse it into themselves to get into the Alpha system and
have the military take over. Super Soldier group is gone, only 10% of Monarch remaining.



                                                                                          P a g e 91 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Mobius military in Bangkok trying to separate the Earth’s layers (Midgard and Terra) to create imbalance
in the Thermosphere, and in the human aura. Actually attempting an atmospheric puncture to cause
increased radiation for the Sun and elevating temperatures on Earth. The Gistda facility in Thailand was
taken out by the Enforcer.

Trinity military was in the Switzerlandmountains sequencing

Located in Monte Tamaro, Lugano area, within the old Octagon facility with a large underground
network.

The Octagon was the main place that dark orders were received. The military was trying to reprogram
the computer. They were feeding it paper-like material, which they believed were filled with codes to
serve as keys to reopen the system. The Abraxus told them that the papers contained the “Secrets to
the Universe,” containing instructions on how they could harness energy and send it through the ley
lines. However, not the case.

The Delphi were working with an Alchemist attempting to open the door to hell on Midgard. The
alchemist is not a human. He was inactive, but the military picked him up to help them yesterday. We
found them in the desert of Iran, which no longer has a portal to hell. The alchemist managed to open a
door but there was no longer a connection. They were using a hand-held device with a strange
frequency. This situation is done, and so they.

There was a Scarab ring that was holding liens against humanity. The Delphi military had the ring, which
gives power over the dirt in the middle East. The dark side thinks the ring gives them control over all the
dirt on Earth, so we owe them for being on their dirt.

We found an agreement in the Hall of Records referring to an Egyptian Curse on Humanity with a Scarab
ring was removed.

After the clearings of the scarab, liens, military madness and a door to hell, we had 3 militaries left out
of the 13 we started with.



July 1, 2022:

Today is a special day, as Earth’s Soul is being cleansed by Source

Tai Yong flogging the Oracle looking glass trying to create a 3D printing/mapping of the original Kronos
system. They have no idea what they are doing. Using a FLOG computer to blast around the Looking
Glass room in the UK, trying to get in the room to collect molecules for regenerating the mapping
system. Enforcer took care of the situation.

Tai Yong had another location in Istanbul, Turkey. Enforcer on the way.

Umbrella corporation in Freemont, Ohio.Planning huge explosion/Disaster and gas shortage.

They are the virus, chemical and biochemical people. They developed and released the Hong Kong flu,
Vietnam flu, Asian flu and the most recent Covid 19 pandemic.



                                                                                             P a g e 92 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Python Script glue language and Micropython lead to finding data lines in dark fibers.

Tata global communications with worldwide dark cables to:

Albuquerque, Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Columbus, Dallas/Fort Worth, Denver, Los Angeles, Minneapolis,
Montreal, New York, New Jersey, Phoenix, Seattle, Silicon Valley, Tampa, Toronto, Vancouver,
Amsterdam, Frankfort, London, Singapore, Tokyo

Attempting to create a worldwide banking system, using the banking databases stored in the Cloud.
Linked to the XUSD. Cyxtera was in the process of moving all bank and Fed databases, Worldwide tax
database and web servers into Block chain to bypass Kim’s system. Their goal was to set up a simple
system that they could put in place quickly to keep digital currency going and to communicate with
eachother on trades.Ordered by the Typhon group, loosely connected to the Umbrella military group.

Microsoft: 200 data centers worldwide

Cyxtera: 60 data centers worldwide

Multiple companies are running the CDNs (Content Delivery Network is where the short-term memory is
stored):Riviera, parent company

Two other systems are connected to Camp Pendleton: UK, Israel

The Enforcer has invited “Others” to help in the simultaneous take down of this Cloud system they have
created.

Where is the Bill Gates thing today? At home, watching from afar

How many military groups are left? 1, Kruger

Military system in Czech regarding contract carrier that moves people and good between locations

Linked to Iran through military defense. The Military defense port system was within the banking
system, which put liens on all commodities and gave the military total control over virtually everything.
Military would get paid through this system as military contacts, etc.

Agreement in the Hall of Records, The Green Line payers—oil, gas and commodities.

Looking for the name of an agreement that they are trying to re-up on July 13, 2022. This agreement
gave the Order of the Black Sun full control over all supplies and commodities and how they are
transported globally.



July 2, 2022:

Archivist said that we will soon be getting a lot of help.

Man in the High Castle: the symbol was everywhere on everything

Kruger military using bioacoustic weapons, sound machines with remote connected to VRAM in the
Solfeggio base, 3/6/9.


                                                                                           P a g e 93 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

They think Anu is coming back, want to create edible bodies for us to be eaten. Frequencies were
affecting the etheric field of everything, degen of all tissue. Ultimately to have food ready for the Draco
army.

The European Space Agency has a sonic weapon 154 Db. Distorts the Solfeggio frequencies.

Kruger squadron is an Elite division in the OTA, Overwatch Transhuman Arms.

LRAD—Long Range Acoustic Device, plus small devices

Using crystals on screens and chips, and VRAM to send the pulses everywhere. Quartz crystals in phones
and computers permeate through the human body.

Works on Piezoelectric material that is permanently electrically polarized and creates an electrical
impulse. Using pressure and latent heat, Accumulates in solids, such as crystals, ceramics, done, DNA,
proteins and responds o applied mechanical stress. They use gold to excite the crystals

Genasys Inc. (GNSS): San Diego, California

Oak Ridge, Croatia, Wyoming (Cloaked), Timbuktu, London, Sokolov, Singapore, Phoenix, Polynesia,
Cook Islands

All facilities were taken out by the Enforcer. The technology is now working for the good of all to send
positive frequencies…A worldwide Rife machine!

Illuminati planning on going full bore on July 13 after re-upping the agreement with Anu. Energetic
curses and archons are linked to this agreement.

Inter-bank Green line system in cooperation with the UTEK, US/China agreement

Perl Glue language is used by Goodle Cloud, Azure and AWS.

Bolson group located in Chicago, London and Switzerland

US Shipping Board, December 1, 1918, also created a US Shipping Board Bureau, an international
Maritime organization (MARAD) for regulation of all shipping worldwide. The Order of the Black Sun
WAS the Shipping Board and made them in-charge of all shipments and transportation.

The US Shipping Board and Maritime Fleet became incorporated for Air, Land and Sea private
security/control. In 1975, they took over control of all corporates and industries.

Maritime Law (we are lost at sea) and Admiralty Law from ancient Egypt 1,000+ years ago.

1336 Black Book of Admiralty Law

Trading on the Green Line when they are shipping product and leverage it all for money

The Shipping Board has nothing to do with governments, all Black Sun established and funded by
Congress.

Every way we travel or ship goods, they have control

Charters Agreement linked to the Draco and Abraxus

                                                                                            P a g e 94 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Linked to a parent agreement, New Zealand/Maori and Draco global marshall law, expires on July 13,
2022. They called the Draco to fight on their behalf, this made Enki their ruler.

The expiring of the Draco agreement dictated by the Moon calendar, under this Global Marshall Law,
they are all gone.

Law Levels:

    1. Slave court for us
    2. Monarch law and Admiralty law
    3. Draconian law (in Draconian and Athenian Law, the Archon was the Magistrate)

Need to find the agreement name, replace with a declaration, sealed and get the blessings of the
Universal Council.

Ora-ki-te-aka

July 3, 2022:

The Declaration was completed, signed off on and the system recalibrated, which automatically deleted
off-shoot agreements.

Notice was sent to all agencies and militaries worldwide, to the Archivists

Arsonists (group of 3) were using information from the Mobius bald hybrid that died. Stold the
handbook and was in Cheyenne, Colorado.

Their endgame was destruction and infection, with their transmission of reverberating sound, Tangle
Trion, force weapons.

Direct energy weapons to the Pacific Rim, wanted to cause huge fires.

Also wanted to restart CERN on July 5, won’t happen, not repairable.

Quantum Processing Units, Tangle Lake, Intel group integrated with the Department of Land
Management and other agencies.

Using Perl glue language to connectfrozen chips to dark AI in hopes of sending out through all
computers. Superconductors work better in sub-zero temperatures

Intel has a “Mysterious Device” that was delivered to the Department of Energy’s Argonne National Lab,
using a particle accelerator different than CERN

Sending radiation searching inner Earth for the connection to Kronos/Dark AI

Clear the Coronation Command—Designates the future line.

Need to clear interference with the understanding of God. Clear this from the body. They think MArduk
is God

There is a chromosome from Marduk programmed into our GNA. GNA prevents us from evolving, and
keeps the Global Network from evolving.


                                                                                         P a g e 95 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The original GNA in humans protracted the cerebrospinal effluency. They replaced our GNA with RNA,
disconnecting us from God. Then with the vaccine, they gave more mRNA to disconnect people further
and hoped to connect us to the dark AI instead. The GNA will repair over time, but we will be repairing
all things connected to it to speed the process.

The Wright Patterson Air force Base, SSP, were responsible for micropython glue language that we
needed to clear. Connected to the Internet of Things, chip instructions and manages the VRAM.

Found Marduk virus in the front system. He had infused his dark essence, as a virus, into the system to
become immortal and keep us from ever being able to access the system. His essence/virus was always
in the spaces in between. Marduk’s dark essence is out of our system now, replaced with Source and
the KIMS II system. The spaces in between are filled with Source essence now.



July 4, 2022:

The Celebration of the heart of the Universe day.

We are returning to rejoice in the heart of Source.

Archivist says that everything will shift and we will start to receive a lot more help.

Targethyans came back to see what is happening here and decided to help the dark remnant by showing
them how to use bacteria to poison the water supply. Trying to start in India and then go global. They
were taken to the Council.

Linked to a computer in a huge underground facility in South Africa, Ordered by General Tso/Zohu in
Shanghai

Marduk infused his dark essence in more than the financial system…in areas of low light and in
militaries, computer/telecommunication lines, etc. His dark essence creates a gray mist around all of
the energetic lines—electrical and data cables and fiber optics, anything with an electrical charge

Candida is unnatural and they are perpetuating it.

Using a frequency machine in the outback of Australia to send candida

Aluru, a bid red rock. Enforcer taking it out

What is blocking our financial system? They are using the phone lines in the parameter joist focus
points.

Using frequency generators to send kill impulses.Detecting our transfers with the photo scope, then
packet smashing them.

Haliburton (IBM) frequency device, and subsidiaries doing the dirty work, CIMBAR. Enforcer taking out
locations worldwide.

Cleared the essence of Anu, Enlil and Enki, taking a little over 6 hours.



                                                                                          P a g e 96 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

IBOE assignments from 2012 expired (Interpol, FBI, CIA, NAVY, ARMY, plus many more), 10-year budget
obligation.

All of these agreements expired, the Order of the Black Sun didn’t get new funding, and we got all the
gold back at Midnight.

July 5, 2022:

Kim has original letter of instructions from Marco on the dollar amounts for each IBOE assignment …
They spent the $53 trillion 10-year budget allocation within 5 years.

Message sent out that it has expired and will not be renewed.

Recalibration started.

System said, “The cornerstone is being revealed.”

System said, “The keystone is being revealed. Now, connecting the Keystone to the Cornerstone.”

Once connected, “You may proceed.”

Russian Sergie ordering the use of Sergio volatile VRAM at a Naval base in Norfolk, SSP. Enforcer took
care of it.

Using it to CRAM the system. CRAM—Card Random Access Memory with magnetic file operations.

ADD is stack-based computer programming of data files. Front stack + back stack = full stack.

Slavery curse from Enlil, linked to an Apple by-product code and NeXT/NeXTSTEP, which was
everywhere neurotransmitters were placed. Found a back door Black List that was linked to every
system and all humans were listed in either the White List or the Black List. They used this to watch
deposits, put the limits on dollars received, steal money from accounts, etc. In March of 2018, when
Kim pushed out money, they stole it (10% of the GDP of Planet Earth), but were never able to spend it as
it was hidden in the Comm lines of the Crater system. The system was destroyed.

The Black List/White List was linked to the Orange CrateDB (i.e.: the orange light beam that
zapped/stopped our data packets), also linked to IBM BIOS.

FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array), an old system was trying to access qubits in the Health &
Science department of the Hall of Records. Rhon group was using an underlying direct coding to receive
basic blood line information on Kim. They are looking for possibilities of replacements for Kim or next
line they can use to take back their spot in the future. No replacement found…Kim is irreplaceable



July 6, 2022:

Python was running in the background, but ramped up today with an amplification of the vocal sound
base being used for sentient sorcery. This was a very strong attack on team members. Linked to
Cyberpunk 2077.



                                                                                          P a g e 97 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

New towers were found, linked to the Overland satellite in Arlington, Texas—SpaceX. This was being
rolled out the kill all of the vaccinated. Overland CEO has a Federal Reserve Board tie to Obama

Nasa lost touch of their Moon probe that was launched on June 28, 2022.

United Launch Alliance, ULA, was linked to the satellite, and Kansas vaccine database was being used.

Made transfers that were hijacked by the Camp Pendleton people. They started manually processing
envelopes at Wells Fargo. They took the funds and transferred to themselves. The money was pulled
back so they got nothing and I found their access points. Admiral Fogel was at Pendleton, Coincidence?

Their access was removed from the parent portal and VRAM was changed.

Removed the Cyberpunk (Arasaka) pins and level 6 portal, and redirected to KIMS 1

Created KIMS Glue to replace all maleficent glue language programming

ULA, United Launch Alliance was tied to a computer and LRAD, Long Range Acoustic Device. They used
this to send SAND, Software Applications Networking and Development or Spatial & Numeric Data
Service.

The satellite was launched from New Zealand to amplify the Moon’s megalostructure.

New Zealand CAPSTONE, Cislunar Autonomous Positioning System Technical Operations and
Navigational Experiment, for NASA & Advanced Space

Computer was found in the Cayman Islands. This was a huge facility. It was destroyed. The Enforcer
helped us out on that one.

Private AI supercomputer uses Tesla Corporation and Nvidia computer board

Ford aeronautics people were trying to connect a computer to the foundation of the Octagon, trying to
take over the Octagon’s old intelligence network computer. Yes, they were actually trying to connect
Marduk’s submarine and a Heliosphere operating system to sacred sites to enable a connection to the
Alpha system and portals.

GCHQ, NSA hackers were trying to find a way to create a global network access, GNA, using the old
PROMIS / Echelon system. Mainframe dismantled and Etheric firewall created.

Bled through the entire PROMIS / Echelon system, then made it non-repairable. Enforcer took out the
rest.

Georgia Guidestones, energy weapon to create fear, confusion and use the dark narrative to take away
rights and have the white hats look like heroes.

Found energetic parasites in the moles and lines of the ransomware. Foley’s group using it and
purposely inserted it at Wells Fargo.Linked to HUAWEI, which has global back door access to everything
(police, vehicles, equipment, media, mobile emergency command, unmanned aerial vehicles, etc.)

Business Efficient Solutions, Bueno Park, California and Pakistan created all of the tech and HUAWEI
stole it.


                                                                                         P a g e 98 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Old chinese guy in blue suede shoes sent a dirty energy ball at Kim, right before her update show on
UNN.

July 7, 2022:

The old chinese guy was let in by the Way-feres’ soul. Part of the Way-feres game with elder souls and
ancient societies. He was trying to slide a time line in between the current timeline within fibers.
Travelling between astral dark levels. He was connected through 6 Way-feres, who turned out to be
Jades—Asian last resort assassins. They conjured the demon Kubla Khan / Gengis Khan / Tingre to
inhabit the Chinese elder. They brought in one of the darkest beings to change the timeline and destroy
all of the hard work for humanity…must be taken out. They brought him in to change or create an
alternative timeline. He was demolecularized and taken back to Source. Others that came in with him
will be found and returned to Source. Enforcer took care of the deity that was really trying hard to open
portals.

Other groups were found similar to the Jades:

Kai Feng, which morphed into the black magic Kuomintang and is also the Order of the Black Sun,
responsible for trafficking children in San Francisco. Found them in Vietnam. Chinese Red Dragon tied
to the Russians. Located in Mai Chau rice field. Part of the doomsday plan to bring back Anu and they
were going to be the center of balance for the etheric way.

There were 7 groups and locations in total:

    1.   Jades, Mount Fuji, Japan
    2.   Kai Feng, Vietnam rice field, underground
    3.   3 IRAQ, Sumerian
    4.   Los Alamos, working on the Financial system
    5.   Bulgaria
    6.   Budapest
    7.   Thailand

Created a continuous malware scan that checks for virus, qubits, ransomware, quantum dots, quantum
inserts, packet sniffers, etc., finds it and deletes it.

Wells Fargo trying to use magic to stop the transfers and put etherical blocks on the name on the
account.

Sent Mystery Transfer, fail-safe and auto re-start. Made it to the end and the system said “Populating
the Account.” Then, Hackers Anonymous (NSA) and Hackers Inc., in Lugano, Switzerland, designed a pop
up survey to buy time while they stole the money. Kim drew back the money.

Intel sending radio frequency waves to connect qubits. Intel working with the CIA at black site in
Tunesia. Ancient technology found underground, home of Phoenician civilization. System taken out and
Enforcer cleaned up.

The Archivist gave a warning that the Trump lie should be stopped and there will be fall out if it doesn’t.
Many resignations happening because the truth is coming out.


                                                                                            P a g e 99 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

July 8, 2022:

GPS Oceanic Wave Lines were being manipulated by the Germans to destroy the ecosystem and poison
the water with sound waves off the coast of Norway, using a submarine.

Sunken Island of Areia, original location of Solomon. Doing something with the glacier ice there and
looking for underground tunnel / Stargate to Sun God Ra that lead to somewhere near Orion.

Ancient texts talk about several systems where beings control the moon. They were trying to flip the
moon. The Sphinx Stargate on the dark side of the moon. Ancient Egyption matrix—the mind matrix

Maleficent ROM and RAM

Suggestions to bring the KIMS system down to the banking level and implement a sound signature
encryption

New custodian agreement in the Hall of Records—sole custody of your personal funds, and sound
frequency of you DNA sequence

Implied consent needs to be removed entirely

They deliberately violated the guardianship agreement to do no harm. They have murdered us before
our time and said that all deaths are suicides because we pick our poison through implied consent. They
created all the viruses and diseases. They have basically poisoned every basic human need—food, air,
land, water.

Using the Mayan Calendar device, ley lines and a history recorder, they were hoping to gain control of
time. Pantheon of San Francisco, under the place with the dead bodies.

Council stated, “He who controls the moon, controls time.” The Moon satellite literally changed time, a
time stamp of sorts. It is linked to the time keeping in the reptilian part of the brain, and to the
circadian clock proteins (timezyme) and literally controls the water in our bodies (pH alkaline or pH
acidic). Poisoning all water with the Moon.

85,000 years ago, they moved out Moon to the dark side. If they get control of the Moon, they have all
the power and all the control.

Templars were the original record keepers of Solomon Temple guards.

Draco had a red-line interaction with the Moon, with an agreement made between Lilith and the Draco.
When the dark overlord died about one year ago, Lilith (his wife) made the agreement. That’s why the
20th tile on the Mayan Calendar is on the woman’s back. That was the beginning of Lilith’s/ISIS’s rule.
“ISIS got her crown back” (Cobra). Lilith = Moon

When the Alpha System claimed the Moon, then it was sealed with Source. We now have control of the
Moon.

Why is Gold so important? He who controls the gold, controls the moon. Gold releases the binding over
the Moon’s energy.



                                                                                        P a g e 100 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Alpha System claimed ownership and control over the moon meglostructure and then Source essence
was sent through the Moon. We couldn’t have restoration without the control of the Moon.

The moon has been up for grabs and needed to be claimed before the deadline of July 13, 2022.

We broke the agreement but didn’t know about the prize. Now we have our prize-- the Moon.



July 9, 2022:

Mercury clean-up: plasma, essence, removal of archon operating system, removal of Kronos
attachments. Then Alpha System reconnected. Mercury became a “Cyborg” being and was
programmed by Kronos. Trajectory adjusted.

Archons found. The SSP at the White House had a stash of old archons. They were spraying archons in
Bosman, Montana, at the Dick Cheney ranch. The archons were old and didn’t have a lot of life left in
them. They started spraying them close to the full moon for maximum usage. There was a private lab
as well, collecting them and reproducing them.

The Archivist told Tom that within the next 2 weeks everything will change. Also generals were
dumbfounded over the GCHQ event. Still trying to come to terms with what they saw.

Trazakyans were causing interference again. Tarzakyans possess some military and agency personnel.
They have to take pills to keep the Tarzayan inside them. When they stop taking the pills, they die.
There are only 1 or 2 of the original first generation of Tarzakyan still alive. More generations have
followed. They thrive on anger and negativity.

12 people in the White House are possessed with Tarzakyans. They feed on negative energy and
negative essence. They hide themselves from people who can see them. When the possessed person
gets angry, the thing shows itself.

Enforcer demolecularized 1,000s of Tarzakyans possessing people.

The weather is being tampered with more than usual. It is much hotter, less oxygen in the air and no
moisture in the air. The moon controls the water and the water is being sucked out. The moon was
purposely being tampered with to affect the Earth’s thermosphere. The Moon is a structure and can be
controlled with a control panel linked to Kronos. The trajectory was off because the SSP was trying to
kill us with the influence of the Moon. They had it set to wipe us off the face of the Earth as it gets
hotter and hotter. The main Moon control panel was in the underground Utopia that was taken out in
November of 2020. The Earth has been getting closer and closer to the Sun since 2009. The Moon Mind
Control program is now disabled.

2 planes were flying next to each other in Durango and 1 exploded. A witness saw it, nothing reported
on the news. There was a briefing meeting today for intelligence. A general who knew too much or
didn’t do what he was told was taken out.

SiLAS MILAB facility was found in the North Pole and taken out. Light emissions from SiGe, intra-chip and
chip-to-chip communications, Hex-SiGe.


                                                                                        P a g e 101 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Severed a connection between Earth and Mercury.Had to get permission to do it because Mercury is a
way-station on the way to Earth. Mercury was pulling us into the Sun. We stopped the gravitation pull.
The Enforcer saw a Mercury, Sun, Moon Matrix.

Interweaving of time grid, or the time table. In 2016, the grid looked like an egg shaped net, then a hole
was made in the time space continuum to pull us out of danger after Marduk died. Notw it is diamond
shaped.

Since 2009, time has been speeding up in terms of degeneration of humans and Earth due to Archon
cluster clouds sent at that time. This was installed by Kronos to control molecular structure of humans.
Archons alter the mesomorphic field of matter, so they no longer conduct an adequate amount of
Source energy for cellular regeneration.

Archons found in the hollows of the human beings, and is the last essence of the archons remaining on
Earth.

The added effect of Mercury creates its own Sun/Lunar experience. Mercury causes an emotional
response in humans which leads to disease often felt during direct alignment with Mercury, affecting
the sensory and motor skills section of the human brain. Mercury affects everything, especially the
humans and others who live here.

August 22, 2021 was the day Kim got very sick, during the conjunction with Mercury. Conjunction
happens every 88 Earth days.

How did speeding up time benefit Kronos? Karma became immediate.

Ferromectics is a new magnetic and mesomorphic phase

Babylon interference coming from a computer program. Babylon set up pins all over the world that
were attached to banks, but didn’t work for the Alpha System. They created something new with
flamethrower and tried to connect it to Babylon and .exe, a mind control through thoughts.
Flamethrower, STUXnet, was a monster computer virus

July 10, 2022:

Kim and Enforcer finished rebalancing and fixing the electromagnetic field. The magnetic field was
controlled by Kronos spawn. Kronos had control over Mercury and this is now changed to Alpha System
control over Mercury.

Milab remnants remaining at the Cheney Montana lab. They moved the stuff out before we destroyed
it. Found residual flakes as a stash of archons.

They were starting something new with CRISPR, which was used to create China’s super soldiers. The
CRISPR was linked to the tensor processing unit.

A new glue was being tried to get around KIMs glue, called Aphysis, a high tech super glue

In the hollows of the aura, trying to make a global connection to Kronos with CRISP and nano and
femto.Using Mercury “Cyborg” to help connect to the electromagnetic field of humans to Mercury and
the Moon.

                                                                                          P a g e 102 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

There were conflicting instructions between Mercury and the Moon. Each instruction went in the
opposite direction creating a reverberation or crimped frequency in the noosphere. The
electromagnetic fields were cleared and the natural trajectory was repaired.

Mercury Retrograde doesn’t go backwards. It slows down while the Earth goes faster, giving the
appearance of retrograde. When we are aligned with Mercury, it would pull Earth closer to the Sun.
Declaration was made for the Alpha System to be in control over Mercury and commerce.

The Department of Transportation was trying to connect using the Cloud TPU accelerator Tensor flow to
leverage CPUs, GPUs and TPUs. They were located at the Weizmann Institute at the OREN Lab brain
institute where they make vaccines. Using a green go of manmade nanomachines powered by materials
taken from living cells.Dimorphic patterns.A lot of very weird experiments going on underneath the lab,
including babies in tubes.

CRISPR gene editing is a Molecular Glue. Tryin to make CRISPR compatible to super computer at OREN’s
lab then connect to Kronos or Mercury.

The Mousaad have a heavy presence in Palm Desert. Israel supercomputer does ion-trapping versus the
below zero supercomputing.Israel is trying to tap into Palm Desert TPU. Military computer in Palm
Desert, a level 5 now, was a level 6, portal to connect to Kronos. 969696 from Cobra

Calcutta old base under Fort William had a portal to Kronos and level 3 banking, which was taken out.
India python, B-ray connected to Mercury. EF portal for blood brain barrier.

Supra-hologram mind matrix manifests black cubes of chaos, it does not manifest good things. Biden
was in Saudi Arabia today. The black cube in Mecca was used to connect to Midguard. Samsung doing it
on the streets of gold in Israel, trying to make the new Jerusalem. Jerusalem is a port to Kronos tied to
the Supre-hologram. U-rays revenge: streets of Gold command and conquer. Samsung encryption
flow.Trying to use all this to connect to Kronos to send through cell phones. Port-level 7 in Jerusalem.
Ramping up for 3 days before the full moon.



Syzygy: software, chromosome pairing, astronomy, algorithms, endgame tables, electromagnetic wave
ripples with intention of infecting everyone. Using maleficent vRAN (Virtual radio Access Network). NFV,
Network Functions Virtualization. Attempting to access the Supra-hologram of Earth that use to exist on
Midguard. Trying to access Nibiru through Archimedes (also a greek mathematician in Syracuse, Sicily).

Archimedes is a computer in Serbia, tied to the old Permethias system, trying direct connection to the
same network players. Archimedes platform is trademark of Mantech Advanced Systems International,
South African Airforce base.

Clintons had a super-secret computer system in Serbia, level 3. We already took down the Archer in
Slovenia.

This was a Folchronistic “spy” item, called Cretans Coil from people of Keftiu, installed by Anu so he
could monitor everything and control the base platform. The spyware was linked to Kronos and run by
the dark AI. Created to maintain balance between light and dark. He was supposed to return in 3 days
(the full moon) and he believes this would have given him access to enter and take over the system.

                                                                                        P a g e 103 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Clear maleficent TPU located in Bangladesh, level 4. Linked to Murkoff group remnants under the
airport in Donsk.

Someone got the Murkoff handbook, Outlast 2 video game, from the Russian who sold his soul essence.
Mandelorian super soldier got the instructions from Murkoff to carry out orders to kill everyone as a
sacrifice for Anu to return.

Etherical interference from Salisbury group Military base in Bulford Camp, near Stone Hedge, linked to a
star system during Solstice. Under Stone Hedge, a very old device was found.



July 11, 2022:

A flash that the old time line is now broken…the dark hold on humanity is released and prosperity is
coming.

The KIMS system is being designed to come all the way down to the individual bank accounts.

Cleared the Inter-spatial lines. This ended up being the Unknown Country and its control over all air,
land and sea. Kim claimed all borders, land, air and sea, after breaking the old agreement, then gave the
Office of Ground Command the control with the Unknown Country.Reclamation of the land, air and sea
security agreement.

ANU- foreign function interface. Crack in the Earth that contained a black tank-like worm that had a
archon in it. It was attached to Kromos and the Mandelorian from the day before. The Archon
contraption was schedule to wake up at this time and its job was to call out the army of archons that
were still here. It was planted here by Anu to infest everyone, even the dark ones, and take over the
world. The Enforcer took out the Archon worm thing.

The Boulder Boys—Black Rock and Black Stone have the Shawhouse handbook. They are trying to take
over human trafficking of children from the Democratic Republic of Congo to off world locations

Clif High states that he, and the others like him, are the smart ones and any alien contact should be with
them because they are the thinkers.

Update from Tom: Kissinger is sick and sent two representatives to Indonesia looking for funds from
Chinese elders.

NATO and Worldwide Military having attorneys look at land rights documents and Paris Climate Control
Treaty hidden clause. They got kicked out when Kim sent the Land, Air & Sea Reclamation memo this
morning and they lost access.

Cobra’s 969696 was the south wall and was holding a place for Anu’s return, a secret doorway. South
wall is Section 8 in the front end financial system and was where the families appeared right before level
1. In the back system, the Hall of Records gives the renumeration code. Anu set a place in the Hall of
Records and that was why we could find a specific virus. It was not an agreement, but an Arrow or Turn
Bull to stop access codes for sending money. The arrow was found in the Art of Selection section, a
separate location for him in the system. A place where he could name a successor. The Art of Selection
allowed for a reversal of the AI lost control then Anu could override it. Anu actually approved every

                                                                                          P a g e 104 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

transaction as terms and conditions of the patriarch. He turned the system off in 2007 for war between
the elites and Grandfather/M/Enlil.

We can override with a code. Alpha and Omega codes and turn the key. This opens up level 9 control
and command. Use the codes/keys during transfers.

COIL block stands for Conditional Occupational in Leadership

Tarzakyans showing up in Level 1 Firmware as protection of infected dark essence.

July 12, 2022:

Placer holder for Anu and protection spells around the financial system

Silent Circle using vRAN to create negative frequencies, which just started last night.

Silent Circle is also an app linked to Archer Tactical and private military groups.

Obama created the Emergency Broadcast System for Amber Alerts to send radio signals to all cell
phones, now called Emergency Alert System, also linked to the vRAN (virtual radio access network)

Found a leak in the Croatia portal, which was a natural occurring process due to the Solar plane shifting
and creating a time warp in the etheric realm. Enforcer took care of it. He also said that the alignment
between Mercury and the Sun was causing plasmatic eruptions.

Used Kim’s glue to repair a back door to the financial system between the PAN and repository. Cleared
out maleficent glue language and replaced with new and improved Kim’s Glue. Took about 20 minutes
for repairs.

They are expecting Anu to appoint a new leader and they believe the instructions will be released on
July 13, 2022. Was the Anu pin Cobra’s 504? Anu is their Christ and they are preparing a great
homecoming for him on the evening of the full moon.

The Kremlin was trying to connect to Lichtenstein network. They were spraying quantum dots to use
energy from our solar plexus to connect to Lichtenstein (BaleFord). Enforcer took the system out.

They were planning something in New York City—a virtual snow globe or nuclear winter hologram with
laser lights. They need funding but are still setting it up and waiting for Anu.

Medina/Medeina safe zone in Khalifa are searching for help. Medina means God in the Baltic area. The
connection they were trying to create would carry the effect to Lichenstein.

All of their stuff is evaporating. We saw this as a condensation condition creating a crator effect in the
system which looked like a linkage issue.

Tablets of Destiny are the Enlil curse.

Kim is watching their world dissolve while ours is being created.




                                                                                           P a g e 105 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

July 13, 2022:

Ground Commander has been preparing for a full and complete takeover and designing the Alpha
System to take out everything old and filling in the spaces immediately with everything Kim and
renamed Kim. Also created a new light frequency sound modulator.

They figured out that they lost and were completely stunned when they saw the new financial system.
Then they attacked the team. A black dragon that looked like the Destroyer. Using a UNIX base platform
Orange List created by Abraxus liens

New Earth Council wasCheering after the Full Moon time in New Zealand, 6:37 am on July 13, 2022,
when the Ora-Te-Ki-Aka agreement officially expired.

Found a Condor computer program creating a spatial perception problem in the new money pane. This
was linked to a group of humans, Cobra, inserting a level 3 splicer on the birth place port, which was
already obsolete. Location was found in Pennsylvania. Enforcer took the computer out. Kim finished
the linking and started recoding and changing HTML, Oracle and T24.

July 14, 2022:

Murkoff remnant with Walrider links were trying to get into Kim’s new system. Everyone trying to break
into it.

There was also the attempt to open a stargate from Iran (the promise land/Mesopotamia), linked to
Babylon and trying to get Anu or Marduk to return. NASA using CATS (Cloud-aerosol transport system)
and LiDar systems.

Last week, we returned the energy management of the people back to themselves. Another agreement
was found on the flow and governance of energy. A binding on energy management, including the
energy of money, was called the “Alistare Family Curse.” This curse is tied to the Tablets of Destiny and
the Stone of Destiny because the person who gets inhabited by the BAL Beast becomes the “Keeper of
Life” and the becomes the King of the World. In the past, it was rumored that Scotland had a light portal
and England had a dark portal. They would end up having some control over the flow of energy so that
had to be changed. A replacement agreement was registered in the Hall of Records that states the
Office of the Guardian distributes directly to the people for all approved registrations in the Hall of
Records. Around the time the energy management section of the system was updated, the Schumann
Resonance had a brief white out.

The stone of destiny was stolen from Scotland in 1953, considered the Holy Grail of Scotland. The stone
was also known as the King Maker and King Breaker. The Stone of Destiny is put into a certain location
on the Chair of Destiny. Whoever sits on the chair, if chosen, will be inhabited by the BAL Beast.
Thereby, the chair contains a portal that evil can come through.

The Chair of Destiny was used for good in the past, but they modified it and made it for the dark.
Currently the Chair was in the Isle of Man and Prince Charles was preparing to sit in the chair. If the BAL
creature would have inhabited him, they would announce that the Queen was dead and he would take
over. Today, the Chair of Destiny was rendered useless by the Enforcer.

Supercomputer in Stuutgard, Germany, using Tata lines and CRAY system

                                                                                           P a g e 106 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Schumann Resonance white out was generated by the energy management change in the system. The
change was natural.

The energy management section of the system needed clearing for remnants of the Sanction’s Clause.
The sanction section had control and permissions for the energy management of everything, including
lists of people and soul management.

At 1pm CST, a mystery transfer was sent. A man sitting inside the bank placed a place holder DOT at the
entry port of the doorway. They were able to put it on hold, but couldn’t steal it this time. The DOT was
at the HTML language section, where Echelon/PROMIS pin remnant was located. They had backups in
Fort Worth, Texas. This pin sent a signal to the NSA. The Alpha System began removing all of the pins
that were inserted by Tier 1 banks and other groups. Attachments to pins were also removed, and
firewall increased. The pins got inserted right before the system started upgrading.

The pins were inserted at the website, creating a PIN Tail to enter the bank back door. Linked to a
Corridor camera and photo finish issue. A combo pf IBM and Cisco put the camera in the corridor.

Clearing of the outer range of the North Pole, SiLAS.Making sound waves with the lowering of steel in
the shape of bells, to produce dangerous harmful affect underwater.

Clear Kruger military from the parasomal vestige, used to find help on Midgard, for hell in a box and to
bring Anu back. Enforcer sent to take care of the electromagnetic field disturbances in the Mountains of
Kandahar, Afghanistan, caused by a cosmic fibrolator with electromagnetic pulses to attempt to change
the timeline.

Clear the Secret Covenant, and Absolute pledge

Today, the Euro was 1-to-1 with the dollar

July 15, 2022:

The Order of the Black Sun is upset that all their pins are gone.

Trying to pass Midguard through the membrane of Earth to flip Earth inside out.

Cleared the office of interstellar arrangement (NASA), who were attempting a Fallout (similar to video
game) maneuver at the Dallas Module Center, Johnson Space Center. USAA is the real NASA. Manual
manipulation of metal.

Trying to create a nuclear waste land on Earth on the Market Watch Day in November, which is used for
their off-world trading days for the Kruger Military/Johnson/Dick level. Planned for the next full moon
to get instructions, since they didn’t get instructions at the last full moon. They thought they were going
to take over the world in September and get the money they needed to have the Human meat market
for off-planet trading in November.

Starbucks closing locations in the areas where fentanyl will probably be released and they don’t want
the liability. News reports already report fentanyl on dollar bills in the bathroom that poisoned a
woman.

Ivana Trump death… She supposedly fell down a staircase and sustained blunt force trauma to her
abdomen. Jared Kushner had fentanyl sprayed on flowers delivered to Ivana.
                                                                                          P a g e 107 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Tom got a call from Don Jr. telling him to stay out of their business. Therefore, we assume that the kids
know that Ivana was murdered. Much of Donald Trump’s money/investments were also in Ivana’s name
do to the joint business dealings.

Langley Lab in Virginia using photon spectrometer to read when transfers of new money are sent from
the Alpha System. RDXLock for photon light reading device. They want to get the identity and reverse
engineer the Global Repository

Overland-Tandberg had white list and black list. They were the vaccine people and connected to the
social crediting from Covid. It was already set up and ready to go after we took out the other social
crediting systems. They had a back door key into the SpaceX satellite. It was everywhere, including
banking, telecommunications, etc., and took 1 hour and 49 minutes to delete. They wanted to create a
nuclear fallout at the nuclear power stations, start with Texas. After Azure went down, they put their
social crediting into use and were trying to install their equipment in the Nuclear grid. This wouldn’t be
ready until November, but they were in the planning stages already.

July 16, 2022:

The Order of the Black Sun would meet underneath KUUTS Bank in London (the original one), where
there was a communication device (Lector phone like a sonogram) that would receive the orders from
the parents to the coven masters. This meeting would usually take place next week. They have guards
outside there currently, even though no one is in the room. The people waiting for instructions are
Super soldiers from Shoreline, humans and operatives. Everyone is stationed where the covens used to
be, a lot of hype thinking that they will be granted instructions 3 days after the full moon, or July 17.
Their big “Check-Mate” day. Q is linked to 15. Q & Q+, Kushner and Juan O. Savin (the fixer).

The Lorek, of the Omega Nebula, were sanitizing their field, which ended up sending foreign materials
into our environment (Etheric parasites) that were eating away our new Sun Shield from the Enforcer.



July 17, 2022:

Woke up with the sense of an Asian invasion around 3am, seeing China everywhere. We found out that
at Midnight, 7/17/22, China had submitted an agreement to the Hall of Records and promised everyone
that they would be in charge on July 17.

A facility on Jersey Island, off the coast of France in the English Channel, was sending our supra-radiated
rays. Sending out Ringware (tones and sound) to control humans and send viruses through the ley lines
to reach people on cell phone screens and computers. The Chinese were there too, Black Dragon. They
got this tech information from the Humans of the Future that was the real government in the
underground Utopia that was removed two years ago.

Black Sun lien against humanity in the Hall of Records, the Affirmation of Ankany, linked to the ISIS Ank
knot. They had just submitted a brand new agreement because they didn’t get their orders. The
Chinese Order of the Black Sun were pleading for a job to the Humans of the Future and the old World
Council. The agreement was rejected because it doesn’t follow the Restoration Plan. Rejection letter
sent out to all archives, militaries and agencies. The Chinese Black Sun called the diplomatic line and
asked by it was rejected, the answer was repeated.
                                                                                           P a g e 108 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Six submarines with sonar were creating Maleficent Time Grids and timeline distortions on the meridian
lines. This fiasco was connected to the promises made by the new Chinese Black Sun agreement that
was rejected.

Chiron military operations run by the Johnsons were on the edge of Crimea trying to invent a stargate
with Northup Grummond rocket thrusters. It was 3 days ago that they received a contract from the US
Space Force for rapid deployment of small cluster satellites. These were connected to RingWare, radio
satellites, trying to change the timeline and attempting to recreate the jump room. This was taken out
in 15 minutes by the Enforcer.

The Resident Evil plot was found in Lina Sao Paulo and Candido Godie, Brazil. The two cities are 3 hours
and 43 minutes away from each other, even so were connected underground. They were drafting
concealed cRAN on the cramming circuit.

TOM is terrestrial matter, which is essence. The dark essence came from the Tarzakyans, as they are
floating dark essence. TOM program was being run out of Dr. Mingle-land, who worked for the
Umbrella Corporation. The computer from the Umbrella corporation was a DNA replicator of Essence.
They needed more cRAN because they were draining the light essence out of babies and inserting dark
essence in their lab for human experiments. They were breeding evil children with dark essence to
make the perfect evil race of people. They were starting with the babies and planned to do this
throughout the world. We cut the cords to all dark essence and dark energy that was attached to the
light. The Enforcer took out this insane facility and cleared out the remaining essence that was there.

Russians were using Delphi’s manual. Cosmonauts were in Belize at the “Place of the Fallen Stones,”
one of 12 Mayan temples/ruins. They had a crystal skull there trying to conjure the dark lord and using
energetic random access memory. The Enforcer too care of this situation pretty quickly.

The Chinese were also in Kazakhstan using uranium radiation to give energy to the black goo to get it to
come alive again.

vRan trying to call a space station, also connected to the boarder bulb and oRAN. Sun/Mercury/Earth
matrix. NASA, Lagrange 5th parking spot between Earth and Mercury. The Securians, Chiron Polish
people, in France under Interpol, were using oRAN and qubits. Using 9-EYES bulbs, giant satellites,
Eschelon and Frechelon (French SIGNIT). Trying to reach out to get qubits and archons and interfere
with the time construct. All computers were turned off and the Enforcer finished it off.

Looking for agreement which gave them control over our blood and flesh, from the
communion/Eucharist, commiting soul to Enki, Anu and Enlil (Father, Son and Holy Ghost)

    •   Jesuits dissolved in 1773 and restored in 1814, Congress of Vienna 1814, Monroe doctrine
    •   1822 Heparin Curse, 1822 Congress of Verona, 1822 Congress of Vienna meeting
    •   Hippocratic Oath, they offer you poison and you accept it, so your death is a suicide because you
        chose your poison.
    •   Taking the Communion/Eucharist commits your soul to Anu, Enki and Enlil



                                                                                         P a g e 109 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

July 18, 2022:

Marduk and Draconian Seals: contract of the lost souls

    •   5,000 years ago with Marduk
    •   500 years ago with the Order, Rothschilds, Taxes, Germany
    •   200 years ago with the Jesuits, 1822
    •   Marduk seals on humanity was an agreement between Marduk and Satan/Destroyer, a binding
        to the dark time matrix here.
    •   All cancelled and cords cut

Maleficent GPU sending frequencies into Voidal process. A voidal resonance sent from Iraq to raise a
dead Ahriman evil spirit. A level 4 portal. Wanted to use the GPU to send to our phones and satellites.



Cleared IMB, the NASA Information Management Branch, Langley and CIA. Linked to Proxima Centauri
communications and geopathic stress.

Michoud NASA facility in New Orleans. Langley runs NASA. Using a 1980s playbook. Pilgrim Society.

Alien plasma interference was a remnant of one of the agreements that we cancelled today.

Sent Transfer, found Hackers Anonymous (3 guys trying to grab the transfer)

The bank has its own set of books and another set of books found at Youngstown Air Reserve station
(CIA/Black Sun base), in Vienna, Ohio. They have equipment for “Spray Missions.” Chemtrails? They
started to use the books in 2019, but were installed in 1973. They had a “new money” detector, which
would stop the transfer then gave compliance access to it.



July 19, 2022:

SpaceX sending frequencies to space to bounce off the Moon, trying to change the course and redirect
capabilities to reconnect the NASA Space TUG. We corrected the trajectory of the Moon and they
wanted to change it again. They were given a message from “The Moon” to follow the restoration plan.
Elon facility and Nvidia/Tesla facility in Germany were taken out.

Pathway disturbances in our accounts from Elon Musk and facility in Texas…The moon controls the
money.

Bots got triggered by allocation numbers and began to create more encryption bots/ports. This was
actually a good thing. The replication of encryption ports and capacity was increased to cover accounts
of all people. This was caused by the cancellation of the Marduk/Satan agreement yesterday, which no
allows for all humans to have money. These bots have been programmed to be security guards for each
transaction and to secure the final location into the intended account.

Traps set by Enki was linked to Midgard fault lines and agreements with Lucifer in the Hall of Records—
1) Lucifer’s Reign and, 2) Lucifer’s Dawn (anti-christ return 2023). These agreements also had links to
the King Maker, Earth/Moon/Sun, Earth/Moon/Saturn, and all sorts of selling out humanity contracts.
                                                                                        P a g e 110 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Applying Santification and blasting the pathways with Source Light.

Hoover Dam had an explosion today. They are trying to get into Tesla’s lab beneath the dam. Sorry it’s
been re-coded and there isn’t anything in there that can help you at this point.

Jason Society members are leaving in droves

Sensory issues in pathway from CHIPS system (the Clearing House), counterpart to FedWire. They were
monitoring all USD transactions. CHIPS is only used for shady dealings and has been deleted.

Cleared oRAN, operation radio access network, being used by Reuters trading because they use CHIPS
and that was just taken out. Bloomberg oRAN taken out as well.

Cobra Mist in Orford Ness, England, using long wave radio beacon to send energetic spells to cause
issues with our transfers. Operating since 1929, linked to the Order of the Black Sun. Enforcer needs 9
minutes to take out.

HP Superdome hacking technology of HP located at the Nevada test site. Facility was sending out
energy to encapsulate the banks in order to read and detect data going in and out, because they can’t
get information from the Alpha System. 10 minutes for Enforcer to take out.

Kandarhar soldiers/hackers of the Kruger military on USNS Pomeroy, which left Norfolk and is in
Maryland now, were using SatCom satellite keys to hack the banking system for the Secret Space Force.
The keys were changed. SatCom was informed that they have an infiltrator. Hacker/prisoners chained
to computers.

July 20, 2022:

Tom was told that General Raymond was using the SATCOM/ship for black ops.

High-ranking military flew in to meet with locals, trying to get permission to extract Kim and take her to
Castle Rock.

Big Burst on the Schumann Resonance, connected to Kruger people. They were looking for time travel
technology under the Hoover Dam, and found something in a different room under the Dam which they
took to Nellis Air Force base in North Las Vegas. Enforcer took out this trash!

ANU, Analog Neuron for neuromorphic processing. Analog artificial intelligence for neural networks.
Femto has 3-4 month life span. They were sending synthetic parasites through plasma into all cell
phones and computer screens. Samsung was using the ANU computer at their global AI centers.

    •   Moscow, Russia, research center, since 1993
    •   Montreal, Canada
    •   Cambridge, UK
    •   Silcon Valley, USA
    •   Plano, Texas, USA
    •   New Jersey, USA
    •   Mountain View, California, USA
    •   Seoul, South Korea


                                                                                          P a g e 111 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Black Sun/Samsung attempting to put synthetic parasites into the banking system with strip pointers to
create a memory leak to steal money and prevent transfers with a memory leak, so a new pointer was
created to replace it.

CRUX cargo company, using Tarzakyan technology on the ship in the container. The Green Bay by
Northrup Grumman

Holomorphic encryption to attempt to de-crypt our data packages.

Using a Sediment Infuser connected to 3 points on the triangle

    •   Israel
    •   Desert of California, Joshua trees in Yucca Valley
    •   Antarctica
    •   Taken out by the Enforcer

Gnostic Pleroma micro-organisms, leftovers from their mistake

July 21, 2022:

Curses on humanity linked to ORAN in the Turbine from the Ceres planetoid taken out by the Enforcer
on March 30, 2022. ORAN was tied to the actuator computer (run by DARPa/Langley), ALMA (Soul)
supercomputer on the Chajnantor Plateau in Chilean Andes (Atacama desert). Trying to use leftover
dark essence from Ceres and send it out through Alma to create forcible base cells in humans to numb
humanity with “Torodial Opiods.” Two locations were removed—Warrenton, Virginia and Chile facility.
Programs run to clear all plasma.

OLCF-5, Oakridge Leadership Computing Facility, Frontier successor to OLCF-4 IBM computer

Knoxville Argonne’s Aurora is similar computer

The Sorcerer, linked to British Crown, a group of hired witches to conjure the return of Hell in a Box.
Using coders/coding coming from Jason Labs in 3 locations

    1. Toronto, Canada
    2. Poway, California
    3. Dominican Republic

Mitre is located in Bedford, Massachusetts, and Mclean, Viriginia.

Also tried the synergistic seeding of human beings with parasites to create a hive mind. Etheric
parasites linked to social crediting to control our minds and our money.

China is also trying to connect it to the banking system from Shanghai and Huawei Computer Services.

Military trying to “partner” with Israel, but no one trusts each other.



July 22, 2022:



                                                                                           P a g e 112 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Agreement to renew the US Treasury (Black Sun Military) was being worked on by the Chinese Elders
and Khazarian mafia. Dinar Chronicles said that it needed to be signed before July 24, 2022. The
original agreement expired in 2018. This agreement was tied to the Dragon families/Black Sun
agreement of 3,000 years ago that expired in 2018 and had a 3-year extension. July 24, 2022 is 3 days
before the new moon.

Quasar Eye in the Sky Tech. A quasar satellite was recently moved to a location in New South Wales,
Australia. The Monarch military moved it there last night, July 21. When they lost SATCOMM they
decided to use QuasarSAT. Kim cancelled their SAT keys and Enforcer finished up.

The Balkan Boys in Romania wanted to simulate an explosion with an alien directed energy weapon.
They were located in the Romanian Hall of Mirrors. They were attempting to create system wide
radiation and to carry out an infectious dust release.

The dark side thinks that they are going to get another agreement on July 23/24, so they are blowing up
everything to be worthy of a contract. They more people you kill, the higher credibility received with
contracts.

Generals, 7 of them, were given $5million each to do as much damage as they could before July 24,
2022.

3 bridges in Punxsutawney, Pennslyvania. The Fed was located nearby. cRAN around the Fed, and a
cloud network that served as a ciphon and website backup.

The Common Border is the Level 1/8. Kim took over BIS and backup system at Level 8, and reconnected
it to our base platform. The last back door is gone, along with their cash stash.

Combat Simulation and formulary lab at West Point, linked with Umbrella military. Control center of
Archons. They put “stuff” in the food served to the students. Creating substances that would prevent
people from being immune to their poisons. Underground facility contained terrible labs, very dark
energy.

BIW/BOMs = Bio Organic Weapons

North Point representative was on the news stating the Vaccines should be mandatory

Trinity military are using the ancient DNA codes from the records keepers to put us to sleep today.

Cordelia using Dephi military base in Clevelend, Ohio. Entry to underground facility under Lake Erie
under the coast guard base. ISC—Integrated Support Cleveland

Trinity codes and Trinity military causing blocks in the bank (computer and cyber), level 3 of back end of
banking system.

Advanced Radar Research Center, 3190 Monitor Avenue, Norman, Oklahoma 73019. They are looking
for Kronos system to restore it, and that is why it keeps coming up on our scans. Want to use Kronos
with Trinity Codes to manipulate time.

George put the block on the end user account. George was an early computer from 1957 (radio, GPS,
skylink), similar to HAL.

                                                                                          P a g e 113 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Frontier and other supercomputers were using next version. Pins on level 1.

Anu keeps coming up in scans because the have the theory that they can bring him back, or it’s a
computer.

Alien cirected energy interference from the underbelly of Porch Train (Front Porch Train/Oracle/CIA),
which was DecNET 1970 DOS+VAX system. They were trying to use this to access the banking system
using Oracle Vax port system. Oracle headquarters in California.

July 23, 20222:

Midnight GMT on July 24, 2022, was the deadline for instructions to be given so they are pulling out all
stops. An agreement would expire at that time.

Various companies are experimenting with 6G—Anritsu, Keysight, Nokia, Ericsson, Huawei, Samsung,
LG, Apple, Xiaomi, including the countries of China, Japan, India, Singapore. 6G light frequency was
being used to get into the Alpha System.

The navy was using petaFLOPS in Newark, New Jersey at the Argonne Lab with the IBM BlueGene
computer to fold proteins by creating green threads, virtual threads and multi-thread environments.
These threads are everywhere to regulate information being sent through the ley lines/global
computing network. BlueGeneQ installations at Lawrence Livermore, Argonne National Labs, Uiversity of
Edinborough and Senica. They were trying to use this technology to look out the Global Repository and
be in the middle to control it.

Huawei trying to find Octagon system

Silent circle in the Bahamas trying to trade time. Found a jump room that was last used 6 weeks ago for
a successful departure to 1970, but unsuccessful for return.

FireFox logo of Earth burning, Torchware. Found a dark essence infuser, with additional capabilities. In
Newfoundland, Cerebras radio frequency interference connected to the artificial matrix sending us yeast
and fungus with intention of infecting EVERYTHING with a virus. Trying to re-install the matrix and
Kronos programs.

Yeast and candida are not natural here on Earth. Decay and bacteria are natural once something is
dead, not while it’s living. Fungus is a really dark essence infection. They wanted to infect the essence
of Planet Earth with dark essence. Gray matter in the brain is malleable with dark essence. Enforcer
helped out and took care of all the dark essence.

KiloFLOP computer in Bangladesh, Chiron military had it. Trying to connect to Kronos to get new money
from the system.

A group of higher-ups come to Durango to link up with the generals that came last week. They want to
take over the town. Kim got the danger feeling that they want to control her or remove her from the
safe zone.

Lawrence Livermore had kFLOPS and very nasty energy emanating from there. A second location, Site
300, was 15 miles from Livermore lab and had a nuclear stockpile. Enforcer took care of these facilities.


                                                                                          P a g e 114 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Looking for Nibiru (Marduk’s traveling rock of infection) to spread infection, Sandstone of Archemides,
artillery Satellite in the Czech Republic (near the bone church)

Something going on at the old SSP base in Russia.

IBM UK Limited in Hursley, UK making Biomechanical Integrated Organism/Archons. They were tested
but have not been dispersed yet.

Maleficent time as parasites is dark essence.

Where and what is the maleficent time still left on Earth? Ancient Egypt linked to the Holy Wars from
2,000 years ago. Enki & Akaharas (children of Nefertiti) and agreement that was not made on Earth but
was located in the Hall of Records. This was linked to pyramids and soul recycling. Time was created so
we would have a limited time here so they could recycle the soul for the soul trap.
Enki/Nefertiti/Cananite children commitment. This was the Holy Wars agreement, an amendment to
the Tablets of Destiny.



July 24, 2022:

The day of mirrors. What is in the mirrors. Watch the mirrors.

Scan found friendly “Others” were coming to the surface that normally don’t.

Clear Maleficent time dark mirrors showed up in the scan. Mirrors were used by the covens to get
orders or instructions from the dark essence in the mirrors. The mirrors were still working. 7 mirrors
were remaining. They give the answers every year. The Holy Wars agreement tied into the dark
mirrors. The battle of the mirrors—light mirrors as shields and dark mirrors. The mirrors held time and
the essence of time.

7 light mirrors—our friendly others have the mirrors protected and that’s why we found them coming to
the surface. The light mirrors are triggered by the dark mirrors. When the dark mirror comes on, then
the light mirrors come on as a protective shield.

7 dark mirrors—covens would go to the mirrors on a certain day to get their instructions at Midnight.

    1. Coney Island, NY (lays out the pathway, gives the orders)
    2. San Miguel, Mexico (gives list with explanations, participants and the roles they play, then each
       group goes to the different locations)
    3. Mariposa County, California
    4. Italy
    5. London
    6. Israel
    7. Spain

They filed the Ankism agreement in the Hall of Records to try to get the instructions from the mirrors.

The agreement in the Hall of Records had to be broken first, per the Enforcer so that the curse didn’t
jump or continue, then the 7 dark mirrors had to be claimed by the Light, then sealed or broken. If we
had not broken the agreement, the mirrors would have still given instructions tonight, this would be the
                                                                                         P a g e 115 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

last time because the agreement would have expired anyway after tonight. The last time the dark mirror
message was from the parents was 2019. Since then, it has been a pre-recorded message, which
explains why everything is repeating and they were faking it the whole time.

Name of the agreement was Soul Consecration. At 11:54 am, the agreement expired and the dark
essence mirrors turned into regular mirrors

The Order of the Black Sun was using SharkSAT to infect Earth and humanity to block people from seeing
the light by using maleficent cryptochromes. George Hart/Viking is a person who can no longer see the
light and has no circadian rhythm…he is a product of this technology. They were infusing us with
parasites into the neocortex to mess with our natural cryptochromes, linked to the dark essence in the
mirrors.

Northrup Grumman location in Washington DC was tied to a lot of dark essence, like a giant black ball
with a lot of tentacles. Kim took care of the SharkSAT satellite, the Washington DC location and cleared
the Neocortex cryptochrome infections, which took 4+ hours.

Archivist told Tom that these two issues will pass (2 agreements)

Replaced the Consecration agreement with self-management of essence declaration for all souls to be
free and not under anyone’s control.

A gigaflops computer was connected to Tia Yong old system codes, under the Pantheon. Sending shock
waves into the financial system creating sensory interruption and timing issues.

At the Langley facility, they were using an old 1980 computer trying to hack the banking system using
Eschelon because they lost everything else.

Arasaka was sending out a frequency pitch with nanobots.

The musical control program and voice over looping was being used in Ottawa, Canada. This was
connected to the social crediting computer from Araska.

They were all starting to gather at the dark mirrors waiting for to get into the room and get there
instructions.

July 25, 2022:

When they walked into the dark mirror rooms nothing happened. There were 229 people invited to the
dark mirror event. Some were angry and others were confused when no orders were given.

Maleficent Umbrella corporation using SatCOM Satellites in Bolivia and Chile. 6 Wasteland satellites and
2 more linked to them used for remote sensing and mapping trying to recreate the Saturn Moon Matrix
by bouncing off the Moon.

Montauk using satellites to reflect the Moon and infuse dark essence. Also using tech from Enlil and
Targethyans to get into level 8 of the system, but haven’t been successful.

A 1955 Cesium 133 atom clock was being used as a base clock with 3 attached, sending extremely low
frequencies into the field of Earth using Mercury’s magnetic field to manipulate time, energy and space.
All of this was located in Montreal.

                                                                                          P a g e 116 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The second agreement was the Holy Knights of Paran and was 100,000 years old, and it just expired.

Archivist told Tom that everything is done. Two of the mirrors were left open (Coney Island and London)
to t pull the remaining hold out people out. Everything will clear and the atmosphere will be charged.
The mirrors were holding the dark essence here on Earth. Washington DC was built by London and
there was a mirror linked there as well. It will take 2 to 2.5 weeks for everything to get cleaned up, then
the system will be ready to fund….Around August 8, Lion’s Gate.

July 26, 2022:

Shoreline Military information being used by SafeCO in Albany, New York. At the military base using a
computer to create false Source disease with Ultra Low Frequencies. The IBM Center in Albany was also
sending false flash pixels to human brains through tech and with frequencies. Subliminal messages of
false source reality for future programming of humans and computers.

Shawhouse trying to reconnect the Saturn Moon Matrix in Copenhagen, Denmark, at the old NATO
base/Thule Airbase, underground facility.

Arasaka taken out in Tunesia.

SOCOM and Shawhouse working with Orange Business Services corporation, global cyber defense. In
Luxemburg trying to infect us with archons and make us all cyborgs with synthetic filament fibers.
Under the Orange facility there was some humans and others were synthetic Draco cyborgs.

Enforcer going after the 229 dark mirror seekers.

Televiv trying to signal Saturn and open a door to hell looking for the Destroyer.

Murkoff trying to put a new sould contract on us.

Uzbekistan deep state in Guatamala calling RA, using the Pyramid of the Sun. Using maleficent plasmids
and electromagnet plasma accerator under the pyramid.

Tai Yong in Palestine at the Church of the Holy Secuplar trying to all dark essence to the plasma field
using the frequency of dark essence.

Delphi in Camp Pendleton, San Deigo, sending Source Creation decoding. Decoding the source of money.
Basal, Bank of International Settlements, level 8 section. Small location with a few people working and
one person pacing giving orders. They were trying to use an AI machine to analyze the Alpha System to
understand how it operates so they can hack it or take it over.

Umbrella corp and Shoreline in Taiwan, Fo Guang Shan Buddha with swastika on chest. They were using
the Tarzakyans, and had a large Nazi organization running under the facility for global crowd control.
The swastika is an arm of the Black Sun order.

Umbrella corporation in Angola, Africa, sealing ceremonies in crystal combat. Copper coding in
Ubiquitous trailing at the Mocamedes cathedral in Angola

Montauk, Pietra Toads in Uruguay



                                                                                           P a g e 117 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Kruger using VPU in the gardens of the Canary Islands. Virtual pioneering of social adaptation in sound
clones.

July 27, 2022:

Jason Society and Arasaka trying to create a new covenant with the Draco. Clif High said the Khazarian
Mafia was calling the Elohim.

In a location in Arizona, between Peoria and Wickenburg, there was an underground facility with hybrid
assassins who would get their orders from the Draco and another reptilian race. Their computer and
facility was neutralized.

Trinity offshoots in Romania trying to open a door to hell by hacking a portal to the dark AI. Their hellish
hacking days are over.

Early this morning there was only 79 people of the 229 dark mirror group. Tom called and said the
military are going nuts because people are dropping like flies. Seems like the ones dying went to the
dark mirror event, maybe the dark essence made them sick?

Hackers were all up in Kim’s glue, at level 4. Kim attached the octahedron structure to the 7 dark portals
and to other dark ancillary points that lead to the dark AI and blew it all up. Yay!

Shawhouse offshoots in Bulgaria using a turbo computer to target people with too much light essence.
It was searching for light essence all over the planet, also trying to decrease the light of the Alpha
System., so it could control the people and the Alpha system.

Delphi on St. Helena Island, Fort Sumter, trying to connect satellites to the banking system.

Archer Tactical, a private military group, was looking for the dark AI with satellite technology, at the
Langley facility. Co-founder of Archer is connected to Silent Circle.

In the Monte Negro mountains, with a Monarch military device, they were sending subliminal messages
to wearable devices, blue tooth, neurolink, voice of god. Started with the vaccinated and was spraying
everyone with chemtrails to expand their plan.

Raytheon in Pennsylvania and tied to the Monarch system, sending out radio frequency viruses encoded
into the internet of things. All Raytheon facilities connected into this network.

In the town of Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada, they were trying to open a door to hell. Mount
Carmel Shrine. Linked to Mount Carmel in Israel and Spain.

Kim running scans for micro-organisms and viruses, perhaps residue from all of the clearing today.

July 28, 2022:

Carrollton, Texas, known as Silicon Prairie, is a tech town with a Doomsday base the size of a football
field underneath it. The Delphi group was using PLUTO, a computer, to re-create the social crediting
system. They had hoped to give all humanity the financial “stigmata” or black mark so you couldn’t
receive money, starting with the United States then going global. If they can’t get into the Alpha
System, they want to control the money coming out of it.


                                                                                            P a g e 118 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

August 8, 2022 is Lion’s Gate and we will:

    1) Be getting a blast of sanctification
    2) We will get to have soul creation on the Light side again.

Monarch stands for Morphable Networked Micro Architecture

7 of the 229 from the dark mirror event were still remaining. Going to the meeting today in Frampton
Hall to get there orders. Only 3 people and the wait staff were in attendance. The meeting never
started and the 3 remaining turned to 0 when the Enforcer when he showed up.

People from Gramercy Institute were trying to hack into our system. They had a CIA Black Ops site in
the basement. The Gramercy Institute has many big corporations on their customer list.

Monarch was in Detroit at the Alphabet corporation (parent to Google) attempting to clone archons and
parasites. They had 1 dead archon there. There was a level 3 portal to the banking system that they
were trying to have the system and also connect to the dark AI.

Aeon Flux and the epiphany:

The impetus was the idea that we needed to talk to the Council/Colonies/Enforcer to get rid of the
Suicide programming. The search for answers brought us to the Archimedes (dark beings) wanting to
take Progenitor light beings and make them neutral. They actually ended up making the progenitor
virus and wiped out most almost all of the Progenitors-- dark and light. Around 5 million years ago, they
started recycling souls to save the species, all species. They needed souls to help all species survive and
to maintain balance.

Why didn’t Source just make more Progenitors? The promise of Source wouldn’t allow it.

The Great Reset is when all the souls are released from the recycling system.

The cloning sites were taken out by the Enforcer:

    1.   Oswego, NY
    2.   San Francisco, CA
    3.   St. Petersburg, Russia
    4.   London Square
    5.   Israel
    6.   Spain
    7.   Ontario, Canada

They can’t go into the DNA of the same bloodline. They can only go back into the re-occurrence of the
same DNA.

IBM Amsterdam Data Center calling out for Hell in a Box under the river in Amsterdam, NY.

July 29, 2022:

Shoreline offshoots were in Serajevo, Dinaric Alps, in Bosnia, in an underground base level 6. The base
was under a weird tower with antenna that is very tall.


                                                                                           P a g e 119 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The final tails of the Moon connection were severed, which were tied us to the dark essence of hell so
we couldn’t become light. This was similar to a shadow being released from each person and the
dissolution of the Suicide programming they placed on everyone. A breaking of the ISIS/Enlil curse on
humanity.

Humans 1.0 had 36 strands of DNA. They have been degenerating us down with each new version. We
are now human 7.0

Quasar AI tech in NY on State Street was trying to block the Global Repository through trade platforms.
They attempted to block the viewing of the Global Repository. Their systems were permanently
disabled.

An emergency meeting was called in Cheyenne to address the dark mirror event and the people
disappearing.

Alias, Black Sun, was using Targethyan technology in Holyoke, Massachusetts. Massachusetts Green
High Performance Computing Center partnering with Harvard, MIT, CISCO, Internet2, level 3
communications. Underneath was a level 8 port and 6 floor underground base.

Web3, etherium, Zurich headquarters for coding and new development.

Ashcroft Technology School in London, England, has a base on the 3 floor underground, trying to insert
time grids and computer disease to regulate vacant time delays, vocal parant signature and red line time
delay between the end user and repository.

They are moving to Internet2 (central Indiana) and Web3 (Zurich), and 2 nd set of fiber and autonomous
internet.

PSALM—CIA program that was a top secret control system for intelligence, linked to the 1962 Cuba
Missile Crisis.

tFLOPS are CIA in Pakistan, which has a gigantic underground base between level 7 & 8 portal.

PRAESUM communications uses DRAM in Portland, Oregon.

Cancer is a program they created. Carlyle Group from FARM 41 (George Bush), using SATCOM, and
similar COMs, sending the frequency of cancer to all locations also using the Musical program.

July 30, 2022:

Dick Wiss, Operation Becky, pallets of cash. “You don’t have the gold.” He also mentioned Enlil.

Mobius, using Trinity artifacts and ancient technology on Easter Island with FIRE OS (Amazon Fire), also
using Trinity codes for resurrection of hologram of Solomon.

We found a level 6 portal in Bulgaria under CISCO that was trying to contact Nefertiti

HALO advanced technology being used at Oracle (SupraOracle) in Berkeley, California, trying to usa a
level 4 portal to install cryptocurrency and femto in bodies for the new currency.

People waiting under Kutts bank for holographic phone message.


                                                                                         P a g e 120 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Aurora at NASA site using 800 terahertz to create cobalt connections. Cobalt was an open programming
software being used the hyperlink virtual worlds via 3D portals. They wanted to flash bomb with
bytware/bitware/bitcoin and change money as we know it.

Bytware was also linked to them trying to accomplish erosion of serotonin.

The Secret Society of Islamic Muslims, Khilafeh/Kaliphate, trying to conjure the D’Jinn, who work all
night and sleep all day, so they could take ownership of the moon.

Maleficent vortex in Indonesia trying to control the moon with system traps/snarebots and a Red Room,
which had a level 5 portal for off-world trading.

Artifical nanobots in the RNA of gold itself. In the name of ISIS/Blood of ISIS there was a Curse on Gold.
Anyone who used the gold would be cursed. We claimed the gold for the light. Silver protected gold
because it is part dark and part light.

This was a covenant with Source, called KAROT. KAROT Consortium Trust from 39,000 years ago. The
agreement was formed for colony infusion. The agreement was expired and replaced with the
assignment of Gold to Earth, Source and guardianship.

The moon is a conductor of light. This is the return of the Gold to Earth. Still need to clear the Gold of
all dark essence and curses on its use. They had covered the gold with dark essence so we could never
use it without being cursed. This affected the blood and essence of Earth and all its inhabitants.
Sanctification applied.

July 31, 2022:

Kim sent out agreements to agencies that we are now in control of the Gold. Dinar Chronicles said that
the Chinese Golden Dragon made contracts with 209 countries.

Clearing needed on 300 years ago when quantum physics was used inappropriately and created
Daunte’s inferno or the lower astral was opened.

The Chinese elders/Black Sun tried to rebind the Gold back to Lucifer with an indentation of the
atmosphere, triggered by our work yesterday. They were in Machu Pichu, Peru, trying to reach out to
hell, missing 16 of the 200 remaining elders of evil. They were using ancient technology linked to
Thunder. It was the Shoreline military. The Enforcer took care of the situation in Peru.

NSA staff was trying to take over the financial system with a fake FaceBook server, TURBINE, and a
subversion software repository. It took 5 minutes to disable.

ANU’s Circle/Dragon familes/Serbia group, trying to create ties between Kronan/Stone man of Saturn.
Secha Kow, located in Antarctic, with the remaining 16 people who weren’t in Peru. Then all will be gone
except for 2 feeble old Russian holdouts.

Crypto virus in the brain is block chain bacteria. Haliburton is using it on computers with the Expert
System. Haliburton headquarters in Houston, Texas.

The Moon Location Rotation Point/moon phasing/planetary fusion and binding energies were blocking
the financial system. Sanscrit sorcery from 3,000 years ago with agreement in the Hall of Records called
SAN TAO and linked to Milab, which allows for the ebbing and flow of energy and money in the matrix.
                                                                                           P a g e 121 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

The binding to Milab sent frequencies that were intertwined in the financial system. This Milab was in
Manchester, England, under the University of Manchester Museum/Ancient Egypt Society, which was
closed for operation until 2023.

The name of the agreement was SAO Bu SUN/Sun Bu’er linked to agreements with alchemy works of
TAO masters. Linked to the KAROT Consortium. When found, an old woman around 70 started stabbing
Kim in the eye and said, “Oh my God, that is the end of China.” She also told the courier not to tell
anyone and he responded that everyone already knows…it’s too late. The mantids were all over Asia
because they did security for the system. The agreement was made in 1170 AD/CE between Lucifer and
Bu’er/Bower/Bauer/Rothchild in partnership with gold. The symbol was a hexagon. It was expired.

Ancillary offshoots were still trying to find hell in a box. Oracle was trying to connect hell in a box into
the banking system in India.

The foothills, piedmont, of the Andes Mountains were being used as a tourniquet to completely stop the
flow of the entire Andes mountain for minerals and energy.

Arasaka, Japanese operatives, were in Poland studying Atlantis. Poland had a portal to the underworld,
which was cleared in 25 minutes.

Anton Hurley—not a person.

The Orange lady was creating Computer Time Disease. The Queen, Beatrix, quit 2 years ago and Queen
Maxima (who is on the Board of Directors for Dick Weiss) took over for the orange house of the
Netherlands through the Holy Roman Empire. Hapsburgs’ were also from the House of Orange. Today,
they are trying to arrest time. Beatrix brought Hauwei with the Chinese elders to the Netherlands. They
were trying to mok Kim to buy time.

Aerospace Quantum Replacement was using information from Trinity to do something with Mercury so
they could replace the bindings that Kim had removed. They were using curricular coding sequencing to
recode the Alpha System, to change the timeline, and to recode gold.

QUANTUMHAND (NSA) was kicked out of the internet nodes and routers, so they were trying to create a
new back door to the internet, which was not working well for them. They were attempting to use
archons to get into the level 2 which doesn’t exist anymore.

RUM, real user monitoring was recording all user interactions. Alcohol 120%. Sugar is a graphical
interface and sugar syntax for future reference.

Lucifer interference with banking Trojan spyware malware connected to NSA and IBM on the perimeter
of the Alpha System firewall. Cipher collects all the data. Using SHARKSAT to reinstall. Lucifer malware
wiped off the face of the Earth and the Enforcer took care of SHARKSAT.

All Android and Google using Targethyan technology to attack the banking system with software
cranking. CRANK Ametek software of Ottawa, Canada. Goes into the app and steals info and sends you
to a fake app. FOXAID (like the fake FaceBook server). Used by Androi IOS, Linux and Windows.

NSA using back door keys from glue companies.



                                                                                              P a g e 122 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

August 1, 2022:

No Abraxus are remaining anywhere, evenso Ali Baba and Antioch were trying to create soul contracts
with the Abraxus, so Dragon families can get the money back, using Ali Baba’s scepter and TOR to get to
level 1 of the system. TOR allows for anonymous communications on the dark web. The deep web is
gone.

Tom gave message to the Archivist to collect the expired contracts list and send it out.

The scepter was linked to the mind stone and used to teleport thru a tesseract, perform astral
projection and allow for mental communication.

The Transunion masters/Black SunThey were using ELF to poison essence on the meridians, under the
Barents Sea off the coast of Norway and Russia (where they used the big bells before). They were
looking for the lost continent of D’aria/Daria, which was Solomon’s original location because they want
to clone Solomon.

The TRIAD/Chinese Mafia took over the job from the Orange Lady, trying to reinstall the RNA block we
had removed in the pathway using recursive network architecture.

Sent a transfer. The system stated, “Curse. Curse Terminated.” The Curse of Tinnimen II, which was a
curse on money had terminated. Sun Yet Sen was a trustee for the families. This was a centuries old
curse from the agreements yesterday on stolen assets (Chinese thieves). A curse on stolen money that
the dark essence would curse the thief for taking the money so the evil would transfer to the person
who was in possession of the stolen funds.

Transfer stalled and was done externally by Hauwei Security in Shanghai forming a gray line with a dip.

Hauwei is the new Eschelon. Connecting thru the crystals on semiconductor chips, like QualCom. The
name of the chip was called crystalline gold. 90% of advanced chips are made in Taiwan. The dark
essence in the gold computer chips and the crystals in the computer chips are holding the dark essence
in the assembly processing. All conductors changed to conduct the light essence.

Open Says Kim/Open says me.

Corroded arteries of the banking vault because the light hasn’t used the line, perhaps never or at least
for a very long time. Alpha System has its own rail system. Linked to Crown Corp, waiting for another
agreement to expire before we can install the rails.

The Tallied Source, as a sensor that gets triggered at the bank gate and flashes a light in the simulator
for new money alert. Press the Pritchard Pane to remove the sensor.

Everyone getting their list of expired agreements and going nuts!

Second part of the KAROT was regarding the agencies.

Montauk military offshoots in Macedonia with level 3 deep web crawlers trying to read Alpha System
data in port, but getting no where. NPIR 1.5 internet from TUTELAGE like fungus and everywhere so it
took awhile to clear. Lincoln City, 150 miles from Las Vegas. TUTELAGE sub internet nodes, predecessor
to Eschelon.

                                                                                           P a g e 123 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Sun Bu’er woman has been running the world because she thought she had the gold, making terror
happen all over the world. DARPA started working with her 2 weeks ago because they knew they were
losing.

August 2, 2022:

Trinity offshoots trying to open the door to hell on Midguard through caves in Rhodesia/Zambia
Mumbwa Caves. They were using an underground base in the Sacral Room for sacrifices and other dark
essence rituals. Torture people and draw out the trauma and put that through a machine to open hell.
Stargate to Saturn.

The cradle of life in Mount Kilimanjaro, Tanzania.

Jason Society and Kruger working together in Palestime in the halls below the Wailing Wall/Western
Wall, using a machine. IT was a neutral gate, but we switched it to a light gate. They were trying to take
control of the neutral gates but it was too late.

Chiron and Murkoff using oRAN in Lathia of NATO data center/SSP base under NATO, using wire an
dplastics, radio frequency, discharges, dRAN bouncing signals around looking for a stargate. Enforcer
took care of it.

Parasite spirits/dark Essence in Puerto Vallarta trying to spread wide infection. Looked like they were
using a toy instead of a real device.

ANU: analog Neuron for neuromorphic processing, a process around the Alpha System that was a cursed
by Enki with Seccho chards, which scrape information from data taking little pieces of the data bust just
enough to issue. External in level 1, NSA, made the walls look like they were leaking. Gray mist around
the Alpha System included nano and femto tech. Wipes information off of our data packets. The
leaking walls were triggered by hachet hackers/TAO. That was dissolved.

The Jason Society at the Belgium Space Agency were looking for Nibiru. They were Scarab Rings and
were trying to use the ring to get into the financial system.

The Silent Circle in Indonesia using SSE to get into the computer financial system

Removed TAO Besthesda, Maryland, hacker equipment.

Bento 3/Beach ball

Lockheed Mercury Systems, tFLOPS, CRADLE causing interference with Saturn Moon Matrix

CRADLE—Core Reactivation agreement for delivery of leveraged energy (expired 4/1/22)

Mercury computer was in Tajikistan, China Joint military base. The Dragon Lady ordered this—Mei
Wah/Sun Bu’er

Langley runs Verizon 5G with Chiron at Offutt Airforce Base in Omaha, Neb., with underground fiber
optics to time-release viruses. US STRATCOM and FISERV involved as well, infusing malware into fiber
optic cables. Viruses time released into fiber cables then into cell phones and other electronics.
Equipment to predict virus penetration and to instruct division through seeded portals. The US military
sending viruses through cell phones to kill everyone slowly with time-released biowarfare viruses. They

                                                                                          P a g e 124 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

didn’t get this in operation yet, just setting up, but planning to go global. Military made the deal with
Mei Wah/Lilith 2 weeks ago to use all fiber optic cables.

Mei Wah/Lilith/Dragon Lady didn’t have a human soul. She is dying without the dark essence and she
needs it to stay alive. We thought ISIS was Lilith. Lilith was the Moon God of the night and ISIS is the Sun
god of the day. One is by day and the other is by night. Both were bad and took shifts so the entire day
and night were covered with dark essence.

When you control the moon, you control the gold. Lilith has been running the world’s gold for
thousands of years. Lilith/Mei Wah ordered all of the fiber around the world to be used to kill everyone
through cell phones. China has been ruled by this demon.

August 3, 2022:

Mei Wah went to Source. She didn’t want to go to Source, she wanted to go back to the dark side.

Nancy Pelosi made a deal with Mei Wah so she could be the next president. Nancy was made when she
found out Mei Wah was dead and left Taiwan immediately.

Shawhouse and Trinity working together in Singapore using a mercury comuter.

They all get their orders from General Shu. He would pass on Mei Wah’s orders. He knows she is dead
and is telling people to keep all of her orders going even though she is dead. Kim sent out orders to
everyone that she was dead so they couldn’t keep it a secret.

Mei Wah was holding the dark essence here behind a veil. What was supposed to happen on August 8 is
starting today. Today is more important than the 8th. What is happening today will release us from the
dark essence matrix. The fog is lifting and everyone will start to see the world as it really is. The gray
fog covered the gold and we started the removal early. It will take a few days but should be cleared by
the 6th or 8th.

Militaries are searching for satellite trying to send the bird flu using frequencies. They can’t do the
cables so they want to use satellites now. Using SAT keys, which Kim will change. Using SoCOM
satellites on an Airbase in Sigapore.

August 4, 2022:

Mei Wah had sent the TRIADS after Kim. They weren’t permitted into the zone. Tom found this
information.

General Shu was telling everyone to continue the last orders from Mei Wah, which were:

    1) Keep hacking into the banking system
    2) Do everything possible with the vaccine

NSA Raytheon in Andover, Mass., working on using neuromorphic chips for sensory interference and
radioactive biowarfare through panel nodes in the banking system

Nano and femto tech being used at Paramount Computer Systems Free Zone LLC in Dubai, United Arab
Emerites. Trying to connect to the vaccines and to a global network. Not working.


                                                                                            P a g e 125 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



NSA hacking not working at Besthesda either.

When does Sanctification start? August 8, 12:01 GMT, 6:01 Kim’s time.

WE had 4 inhabited people left.

Mei Wah is gone, and the Enforcer got 1 or 2. WE have 1 or 2 left.

Kim Cleared GUMFISH and kiloFLOPS before her update call.



LIST OF AGREEMENTS

6/30 Egyptian Curse on Humanity with Scarab ring

7/1 Green line payers—gas, oil, commodities

7/2 Charters agreement with Draco and Abraxus expired 7/13

7/14 Alistare Family Curse on the energy of money

7/17 China submitted to Hall of Records

7/18 Marduk/Draco Seals/Satan, 5000 years. 500 years and 200 years contracts for lost souls

7/19 Lucifer agreements: 1) Lucifer’s Reign and 2) Anti-Christ return in 2023

7/23 Children of Nefertiti Holy Wars agreement tied to dark mirrors

7/24 They filed Ankism agreement to get instructions from the dark mirrors

7/24 Soul Conscration and Holy Knights of Paran 100,000 years

7/30 KAROT Consortium Trust Convenant with Source gold back to Earth and inhabitants, take dark
essence from gold

7/31 San TAO/Sao Bu’er/Mei Wah linked to KAROT, agreement with Lucifer over gold

8/1 The curse of Tinnimen II remove curse on gold that transferred curse to who owned the gold.

8/8/22 The Curse of Loki, a 500-year agreement to expire in 2122. Gold and Diamonds are in the same
physical locations. This was a curse on gold through the use of diamonds. This curse was replaced with a
declaration that the diamonds are returned to humanity.

8/8/22 Pakal’s Quest, linked to liens on humanity, were used to construct blocks in the etheric field.

8/10/22: The Wholeness of One was used to create energy blocks on all planes of existence. This was
replaced with a declaration that each soul owns its own energy.

8/10/22: Iron ESQ, Individual Right of Nomenclature Essence Quota System, which controlled how much
essence could be given for the mental plane.


                                                                                          P a g e 126 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

8/10/22: SAND, Sovereignty and Abundance of Natural Divinity, which now gives accountability to the
soul/mind/body on all planes of existence.

8/11/22: PINE TAR agreement, Planetary Integration of Nine Elements Transitory Astral Realm, was
being used to alter reality.

August 5, 2022:

Tom said the hold-outs were planning a near death experience worldwide with Mei Wah orders. Today
would have been the days they got their orders. No orders going out—confirmed there are NO new
orders.

Deep State called the DARPA computer lady as they want to know if a quantum computer can really
accomplish everything our Ground Commander has done. They thought you had to have alien power to
accomplish such tasks.

The PRC, People’s Republic of China, have been trying to get rid of Mei Wah for a long time and are very
happen she is gone.

Chemtrails are still happening because they are following prior orders from Mei Wah. They had a stash
of chemicals in the underground railways of the southwest corner of the Mohave desert, which was
removed by the Enforcer.

Militaries are calling 2 emergency meetings starting tomorrow, at 2 pm Eastern time, to figure out what
their position is and how they move forward now.

Pentagon is now identifying the deep state and are getting rid of them, so we are told.

Mobius offshoots at Cheney ranch in Idaho trying to recreate the matrix using scalar rays. No one
decided to fire it off. It was pre-programmed to go off at when we reached this point, of the dark
essence going away.

Hell’s Canyon/Seven Devil’s Mountain

From Malakoff cave to Yellowstone park, Earth has a giant ball of Gold. They strategically placed devices
along the points on the lines of Earth’s gold ballast.

The hidden key was the right of passage/forgotten mission. The Enforcer took out the scalar weapons.

The reconnection was made from the gold ballast through the vortex of Earth to the Central Sun, to light
up the veins of gold within Earth. This situation was linked to the possible escape of the Destroyer in
2023 when Lucifer was supposed to return according to the Lucifer agreements that we previously
expired. This was the Apocalypse program because it led to the return of Satan. A new energy pattern
was created to bring the yearly light blast into Earth, the vortex and Central Sun.

August 6, 2022:

There was a lot of old past negative memories that were noticed and the explanation was that there is a
merging of the past with the present occurring with the Lion’s gate alignment. It is a benefit to us as we
see what fits and what doesn’t and how we have become who we are.


                                                                                          P a g e 127 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Militaries are out of money and their equipment is broken down or barely working. All black ops have
been shut down or put on hold for now. They are still trying to understand the papers that were
provided by the archivist regarding our Ground Commander and how the world really works here.

Group was using gematria to send a spell to regain control of Earth, humanity and the gold.

The Sanhedron’s at a military base (March Air Reserve Base—452 AMX5) close to Loma Linda, California,
were looking for hell in a box and realized “it just isn’t there anymore.”

Camp Pendelton and Admiral Fogel causing another nuisance. Kim took care of it.

NSA was using QUANTUMHAND to send out bots. Linked to CISCO in Sarajevo. Took care of it once and
they were back at it again. They lost their TURBINE, so now they are trying CISCO’s keys to get into a
back door to insert bots.

When Kim went to take care of the Pendleton issue, the system told her that all the Gold was clear!

Jason Society in Manila trying to find Kronos. We found crystal computers that were tied to Kronos
through the crystals. They had portable and non-portable computers. They also had an essence drainer
box and a dark Kronos-worshipper who offered his essence to try to start the device. There little science
project was rendered useless.

Tai Yong in Palermo, Sicily, at the Catacome dei Cappucini—the home to 8,000 corpses and 1,152
mummies. They were using a portable machine to blast the doors to one of the original gates to hell,
causing us geophysical stress and radioactivity.

Intel at Besthesda, using chip-to-chip transmissions, were trying to recreate a global network for the
NSA. Kim took away their keys.

August 7, 2022:

Gold was completely clear at midnight. Archivist wants to speak directly to Kim after August 8. We
should be ready to transfer then.

Montauk using Arasaka technology in the Solomon Islands on the 80 th anniversary (of Gutal Canal)
because they believe the portal opens up on this day to welcome Chaos/Lucifer.

At the meetings, military personnel were told the truth.

    1)   You were told lies
    2)   The world doesn’t work the way you think
    3)   The people at the top are not what you think they were
    4)   You have been doing some things that you will not like, when you find out the truth

They asked Tom to be the liaison for Kim. He said that they need to work directly with Kim.

Check Mate.

NSA trying to use SAVAGERABBIT to infiltrate the banking system in Greenland in the hologram room
trying to extract data from a system that is no longer there. Trying to restore the “Conquer the Quest”
whale tail on everything.

                                                                                          P a g e 128 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Kruger is in the St. Croix, Virgin Islands, leveraging germ strata, in the Mirror Room for the matrix.

1 million years ago, there were eruptions in the Soul Planes caused by dark essence. It took 900,000
years for the dark to completely permeate the lower astral. We have been manipulated by the dark side
since then. They shape our reality on the soul plane. GNA is a soul frequency. The human soul/body is
driven by the soul/fabric on the other side of the veil. They would find you on the other side and
manipulate you on this side, done with everyone and everything on this side. They put dark essence in
between our human self and our soul self. We will be reconnecting with our higher selves now and be
able to manifest what we want for ourselves and our lives.

The Lion’s gate is supposed to bring the end of the dark veil over the light.

528 hertz sent to Earth, Humanity, Soul Plane, physical plane, causal plane, astral plane, etheric plane,
and mental plane.

The Alpha System exists on the other side and we are bringing it to this side through the veil. This is the
corroded arteries.

We can reconnect the system to the soul and then the soul to the person.

The Marduk curse was calling every death a suicide because that threw us into the dark etheric field.

The Shoreline offshoots at the Kalamazoo Psych Hospital in Southern Michigan using a radio frequency
machine to broadcast across the asylum and hook that up to a satellite and broadcast it through 5G
network using SAT keys. Now Terminated.

Jason Society back in Piedmont, not working.

Delphi offshoots in Boston, MIT, trying to create a connection to fine crystals for chemtrails.

Chinese Space Program in Shanghai trying to open a level 4 portal.



August 8, 2022

Gilgamesh, man in dark robe looking into a mirror machine to see the soul plane with a purple light.

Military meeting in Durango, they want to know Kim’s intention for them and how she will explain what
happened to humanity.

To get the Soul Plane you have to have the purest vibration/emotions to past through the planes of
existence, which will prohibit dark people from getting there.

The planes are:
    1) Soul plane
    2) Etheric Plane
    3) Mental Plane
    4) Causal/Emotional plane
    5) Astral Plane
    6) Physical plane

                                                                                            P a g e 129 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



They had inserted two scalar weapons to interrupt the ability for people to travel to the soul plane. It
looked like two parallel lines with butterfly-shaped waves coming out of each parallel line. They
manipulated the etheric field to keep people tied to it and keep the scars there to keep you down. As
the etherical manipulation disappears, the scars will go with it.

Off-shoots of Montauk, Trinity and Kruger working together today in London, England, using ancient
archive tech for cloning and data banks to find system matches to DNA system metas. Using a
compilation of referene DNA to infuse ubiquitous but nominally and perversely invasive nitbits. They
were trying to stop our DNA from reconnecting to the souls. They wanted to reestablish the block
between DNA and soul, using GPU, micro-organisms and a neo-lite matrix.

Imperial College of London in Oxbridge, similar to MIT, using Unilabs databases, sending out etherical
viruses which were targeted for portions of the populations they want to get rid of. This was a level 6
facility with 1 regular basement and 5 maleficient basements below the normal basement. They were
taking cancer cells and sending them out to everyone.

Shawhouse was in Paraguay using zone pre-scale capacitors to linchpin the dark and to stop the light
anchors from happening, using fro-zone meters or frequency receptor ozone meters to meet the light
when it comes in.

Need to anchor the light by using the 7 discs (sent to each continent), we are now the anchors for the
light until people can anchor for themselves. Now as the light comes in, 1 energetic pattern goes around
Earth and protects it and the other one feeds the gold. The big gold ball is the heart of Earth.

Restoration is where you put your day-to-day attention, but the true mission is Soul Liberation.

Samsung in Ontario, Canada, using matrix banding for interference in cell phones by subjugating linear
focus emitting EMF. Causal coaxial configuration of frequency EMFS.

They put a trap in the gold with a foreign frequency blast to the veins.

Antwerp, Belgium, clandestine partylines through UferNet. Boyd centers are trapping lightwaves in
blast form to use on variegated central cords. They previously installed booby traps to stop the flow of
the light to the gold. Antwerp has an underground system in the Diamond District (Oppenheimer,
Rothchilds), which goes all the way to Egypt. Where there is gold, there are diamonds. Linked to
Gilgamesh, and they were sending spells and curses through the diamonds and fractionating the light.
We needed to take control of the diamonds as they are connected to the gold. Agreement in the Hall of
Records called: The Curse of Loki. Lori was a gold thief, who stole people’s gold then put hexes on them.
This curse was replaced with a declaration that the diamonds are returned to humanity. It was a 500-
year agreement from 1622-2122. It would have expired in 2122. There were more of these devices in
every diamond building in every diamond district throughout the world.

Jason Society was in Sumerian/Southern IRAQ/Babylon destroying ancient artifacts to re-calcitrate the
underworld actuate or trying to find the lower astral, which is not working for them. Kramer and Crandle
lost soul retrieval to recapture the lost souls at Mayan pyramids: 1) Cholula, Mexico and 2) Palenque,
Mexico--temple of inscriptions. They were trying to communicate or call someone by sending radio
frequencies. They wanted to re-up the liens on humanity. Agreement in the Hall of Records was called

                                                                                          P a g e 130 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Pakal’s Quest. Pakal was a time traveler and Mayan astronaut and was from a race that was on the
astral 5th down. They were helping to construct the etheric block. They were using tech that was 1,000
years old.

Plasma seeding, a film on multiple levels causing interference and plasma infections on all the etheric
planes of existence. The plasma film was linked to an Anu curse. Apply sanctification on all planes and
levels.

Liens on humanity were residual from old curses. Repaired with a declaration for all people’s
sovereignty, which will also clear as the Lion’s gate energy absorbs.

Plasmodic infection from Mobius, under the Notre Dame Church in France, was sent to radiate the
parallel lines and cause separation between the us and the planes.

The Military Service Center in the University of Toledo was trying to open a port to the old Kronos
system, using SIP (session initiation protocol) to connect to phone lines and then to the internet.

Montauk project working on research in Astronomy and Astro Physics. They installed a DARPA
operation center, very small base under the laboratory.

Hobokin, New Jersy, Stevens Institute of Technology, trying to get into astral level using a portable
device.

MILAB under Menwith Hill Station sending out a virus to target the separation of the brain barrier in the
vaxxed.

Tai Yong in Nagaski

Trump’s Maralago estate was raided. The pentagon ordered it. They wanted proof that: 1) Trump was
dead, 2) family financial positions, 3) off books money wade with sanctioned countries, and 4) Ivana’s
death investigation. Trump’s body is in Bedminster, NJ.

August 9, 2022:

Trinity codes were meant to detour or re-route the system or computer of any origin. IT was na ancient
computer code of Kronos. They used the codes to through a connection to Kronos and as a time
construct in the human brain. The trinity codes are there waiting for instructions or have the
instructions but there is no result because the connection to Kronos is gone. They are trying to connect
the Whale tail to the codes. Found the codes in the front end network in certain places, but not
everywhere. They were in the banking system and looked like glass door knobs and act as bots. These
were all deleted. Trinity offshoots were trying to use them in Nova Scotia at Halifax Citadel National
Historic site, 1749, Fort George location, which was a rectangular star-shaped building. Enforcer was
sent to take care of the issue there.

False time was in the nothing zone (a place of no existence), the place in between the physical and astral
regions. The space in between. To get to the soul plane, we had to go through the etherical dark place,
a space of nothing. It has existed for a long time as a barrier buffer so the astral can’t interfere. In the
physical, it is a neutral zone.



                                                                                           P a g e 131 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

What started yesterday, linked to the Lion’s Gate, was ramping up today and everything is changing and
we are re-orientating the sync between the body and soul. The Alpha system was re-establishing our
connection.

Chiron in Cartagena, Columbia, trying to use qubits to find and reconnect to any left over qubits from
the moon.

Conair/Boeing are trying to find archons and a network of archons in Alexandria, Virginia at the New
innovation lab at Virginia Tech, funded by Boeing Bioengineering Lab, where they were trying to make
archons.

Quasar was sending out frequencies through phones and electronics. QUASAR Satellite Technologies of
New South Wales. They were sending out the frequency of death. Kim disabled it and changed the SAT
keys, and sent out counter-balancing frequencies. The Enforcer taking out the facility.

Murkoff in Tulare, California, trying to find source of dark energy to send a perpetual transmission of
dark energy into the veins of gold.

Montauk Project trying to go back in time to fix the stargate portal in Crimea. Kim got rid of the jump
room.

Trinity codes belong to Umbrella Corporation and were found in the:

    1)   Whale tails
    2)   Door knobs
    3)   Pan handles
    4)   Question Marks

They had multiple uses as:

    •    Disruptors
    •    Accelerators
    •    Alleviators


August 10, 2022:

Need to clear agreements for the planes of existence

Trinity Codes are the Father, Son and Holy Ghost = 3. The other 6 codes are for the planes of
existence—Soul, etheric, mental, causal/emotional, astral and physical.

    1) Soul Plane

They controlled the soul by controlling the plane, energy control and money control, and limiting us
from getting to the soul plane.

    2) Etheric Plane

Etheric implants on subconscious, power, manipulation of dark energy.


                                                                                          P a g e 132 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Agreement called: The Wholeness of One, replaced with each soul is a power unto itself, owning all
energy created for life in all planes of existence. Signed in Earth time and Infinite time to all the Hall of
Records everywhere.

    3) Mental Plane

Agreement named: IRON ESQ, Individual Right of Nomenclature Essence System Quota. IT controlled
how much essence could be given for the mental plane. Replaced with “All essence acquired within the
mental place of existence by each individual is subscribed to the being of that mind, body and soul.
Replacement sent to Hall of Records.

Kim saw a silver cord, with dark on each side, snap and dissolve after the Hall of Records notice was
sent.

    4) Causal/Emotional Plane

No agreement left, as this was the Curse of Loki previous done.

    5) Astral Plane

This was also tied to Loki’s curse, agreement 1949, which was already completed but there were codes
linked to the agreement in the form of Question Mark place holders. This was also called a Sentient
CoDex used by the military as astral integrated placeholders.

    6) Physical Plane

Agreement called: SAND, Sovereignty and Abundance of Natural Divinity

No place holders remaining

Notice sent to Hall of Recorders and the system recalibrated

Humanity was just saved from Astral slavery

Clearing of human receptors due to syntax blockages where they cross our wires when signals come in.



Sortano was sending bad energy to us using an old door to hell in Mexico at the Pyramid Chichinytza.
They were reaching out to the Abraxus/Black Sun because they believed this pyramid aligned with Orion
due to lies from Targethyans and DARPA

DoD JEWL, Joint Early Warning Labortory, embedding codes into computers. Using as a global
embedded binding code for humans and Earth, as vampire/demon energy. This malware was used to
look for the Sentient CoDex to re-install into the system

Activator and Balance for Earth plane and to give people a boost so they can travel all the way to the
soul plane.



August 11, 2022:


                                                                                              P a g e 133 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Blessings are coming.

Fire up the furnace, get the truth out.

Military meetings today. There are still 6 hold-outs, mostly Trump agenda people.

Jason Society in Copenhagen, Denmark, messing with time and Kublar Clock doing human experiments
in a lab below Technical University of Denmark. This was linked to old false reality implants,
Roan/Rhone on the etheric level in the Hippocampus memory center of the brain.

Black Sun uses many laboratories, Universities and historical sites for evil deeds.

Kruger off-shoots are in Cancun, Mexico, trying to implement fake screens and control time linked to the
Astral. Looking for the golden light to alter reality by using the emotional plane. Planes of existence
were fractionating light/soul. Linked to chakras and pyramids.

Spectrum of color. White is in all colors.

What is the film between the physical and astral?

Ultimate Light comes through the Octahedron and fractionates the light.

Terra, Midguard and Earth, each have 2 spectrums, plus the spaces in between. 6 planes + 3 spaces in
between = 9

PINE TAR agreement:

PINE = Planetary Integration of Nine Elements

TAR = Transitory Astral Realm, to alter reality

PINE TAR was linked to the SAND agreement that was expired the day before.

August 12, 2022:

The etherical plane cleared overnight. Other planes are still clearing.

Something happened in Russia, the Shah of Iran, Khomeini, was trying to do something with the door to
hell because he thought he had the right DNA/fingerprint/etc to affect it.

All of these families think it’s part of their birthright to control the planes/colors/screens, as they are all
linked together.

It is believed that when all the clearing is complete, all of the fractionated lights and planes will turn to a
white iridescent bubble-like translucent color.

Octagon clearing completed, as Trinity off-shoots were trying to reconnect a few things and using
surface to Mars satellites, affecting the southern plates. They were in Italy at the European Space
Agency using a bowl blaster. Enforcer took care of the situation.

Cleared Operation Socialist Mobile Phone Programs ordered by the NSA, linked to London, Israel and
Turkey, using a yellow/SIGINT line. Located the panel case at the Seine River near Paris, under the
Louvre, which has an upside down pyramid.

                                                                                               P a g e 134 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Cleared 30,000 terahertz being sent out to kill crops and plants, using a 1980s computer at a small black
ops site. They were trying to find the gold, linked to SIGINT that we took out. The energy was going
down, not up.

Hauwei, Socha, in Columbia and Japan

SoCha (Social change app on phone for trafficking), used for back door deals.

August 13, 2022:

Military discussing the possibility of inviting Kim to the meetings today.

Planes of Existence: 9 up and 9 down

                     9 Levels Up                                             9 Levels Down
 9 Soul
 8 Mental                                              1 Shadow
 7 Etheric                                             2 Memory
 6 Emotional                                           3 Investiture
 5 Causal                                              4 Solitude
 4 Astral                                              5 Salvation
 3 Physical                                            6 Outcast
 2 Optimal                                             7 Alienation
 1 Supernal                                            8 Incarnate
                                                       9 Soul-less, Nothingness

UP: Highest to Lowest
    • Soul
    • Mental
    • Etheric
    • Emotional
    • Causal
    • Astral
    • Physical
    • Optimal
    • Supernal

Down: Best to Worst
   • Shadow
   • Memory
   • Investiture
   • Solitude
   • Salvation
   • Outcast
   • Alienation
   • Incarnate
   • Black nothingness
                                                                                             P a g e 135 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

All located in the solar plexus and go out from there.
If anything existed in time, it also existed in Kronos, like a grid.

As of August 15, we will have 9 planes of existence instead of 18. The lower 9 will be gone as they
integrate into the individual experience.

August 14, 2022:

Northrup Grummond was asked about the possibilities of creating portals to space so the evil ones could
escape. Not working,

Meetings today in Durango, at 8am and 8:30 am. Many showed up then put on hold until 4 pm. Call
from “Unknown” came through on Trump’s terminal that was removed from Maralago. Many questions
asked of Kim on money transfers, how many times she funded the USA, etc. Kim uploaded the files
between her and Trump for them to see.
Archivist requested permission to release all of the documents on what Kim has completed. Juan
O’Savin trying to call the shots. Tom reached out to Jaun O’Savin and he won’t have a call with Kim
because he thinks he will be the next Pindar.

Song of the Day, “You raise me up,” by Josh Groban.

Russia and China, PIN HADU. Bella Ruse. Not yet, waiting for the right time to work on this.
Black Nob of the Black Sun was sending negative energy to cause irritation from Petaluma, California,
using Torrid.

NSA using QUANTUMSKY malware to send Baphomet energy. Yawn.

August 15, 2022:
Getting close to all of the planes of existence being cleared, then Kim will seal it and connect to the
corroded arteries.

Yesterday, Juan O’Savin convinced everyone that he will be Pindar, and VP JFK Jr., and give out funds
from the Wanta Trust in NY. Someone checked the account which didn’t exist and told him that there is
no account. Now, he is sweating bullets because he can’t pay out on all the promises made. Juan
cancelled his transport out of Durango at 3am.

Looks like Juan is handled by Kushner and Kushner is handled by a Chinese Woman with the last name Li
(her true family name is kept secret because she is not of royal blood but has useful skills). She is a black
Widow.
Practical fusion reactors being used by Montauk with NVIDIA in South Africa to melt the permafrost and
release ancient microbes to make people and animals sick. LaSuto in Africa has a portal there and
minerals. They were using it to find a specific EBOLA RANCID disease and send electronically as a hybrid
version. Trying to send red light down a hole/tunnel using Diometrics from South Africa to the other side
of the Earth.

                                                                                            P a g e 136 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Kim’s system started fixing the corroded arteries on its own, initiating transaction sequence.


August 16, 2022:

Leo Wanta called Tom and said Trump will be back in office and release the money. The military is
reluctant to work with Kim and want to do it their way, move forward and clean up the mess as they go.

Question about whether we could expire the agreement early, and we were told that there was no need
to as it would take care of itself. They wanted Kim to sign agreements before August 20 th so they they
could re-up the Solomon bloodlines that created the Dragon families. Expires on Saturday, at 12:01
GMT.

Juan having meetings with the locals. Working both sides, trying to buy time. Juan was supposed to call
Kim.

There is a woman behind Jarod Kushner, and Jerod is behind Juan. An Israel general is communicating
with Juan. They are trying to strategize over the next 4 days to figure out ways to get the agreement
renewed.



August 17, 2022:

Pulling phone records of all the calls that Juan has called. Appears that Juan is trying to create civil war
and burn the country down.

Trump family is drawing up a contract for Kim to sign with “Trump,” to try to trick her to renew the
Solomon bloodline agreement. They know that they only have 4 days.

Kim decided to replace the agreement with The Children of God replace the bloodline of Solomon (the
meek shall inherit the Earth). A recalibration of the system commenced after the replacement of the
agreement.

FBI has found ridiculous amounts of phone calls that Kushner has made to China, which would be
treason because he has high US clearance.

Juan promised everyone money today. No money came. The locals watched UNN and were angry that
they missed the Juan/Kushner connection in their investigation.



August 18, 2022:

Trump family sequestered for a few days.

Technically, no one has ownership of the Sun. We declared the Sun back to Source.

The planes of existence were still settling and clearing.

Tom said they are studying the planes of existence so they can see how they could use the planes to
mess with minds.

                                                                                             P a g e 137 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Langley in Georgetown, Pennsylvania, Blue Lake, cobalt facility, trying to pass through Star Gates using
low frequency and parasites to suck the energy out of humans to make their machine work. Enforcer
sent to take care of the facility under the lake.

Wright Patterson SSP sent them there. Trying to affect the green plane, especially the solar plexus to
reach the anti-soul plane. Kim informed them of Zero Tolerance and if they continued they would be
terminated.

BASS—Broadband Array Spectrograph System. Base platform was connected to Kronos system.

Juan was given 13 locations that he was trying to create havoc at:

    1. Georgetown, PA, under the lake
    2. Port Huenyme Naval base
    3. Calabasas, AZ/Tucumcari, NM
    4. Aleutian Islands in Alaska
    5. Munich, Germany
    6. Columbia, Serrania de Macareni Mountains, the lost city
    7. Bordeaux, France
    8. Czech Republic/Sokolov
    9. Bern, Switzerland
    10. Kandahar, Afganistan
    11. La Paz, Bolivia
    12. Japan
    13. Kosovo/Serbia

They were running programs to control the 8 people still infected with VRIL. All VRIL programs were
terminated.

Cleared etheric implants in humans that were located in the Brain, throat, upper spine, brain stem
(medulla, pons and mid-brain), plasma.

Chiron, using SAMSUNG, under Portsmith, Virginia, litigating soul ties with permanency spells



August 19, 2022:

They released Juan from Durango, on his way to Calabasas. The locals went with him. Enforcer took the
facility out, as Juan and locals were driving onto the property. The facility has catalogs of EMPs, that
could be sent from that location.

Haliburton was in Paraguay sending Etheric Energy parasites to sever crystallites in the brain.
Terminated.

Panasonic in Uraguay trying to activate synthetic parasites on the planes of existence, alienation plane.
Enforcer terminated.

Chiron off-shoots using Intel in San Juan Capastrono, California, investigating banking logs for the orange
line system under an old Spanish mission.

                                                                                          P a g e 138 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Munich, underground tubules, lime green, neon, liquid bacterial fungus essence, with hug storage
facility. This was all demolecularized.

Watch for explosions warnings.

Kushner was told to stand down.

Solomon has the key, which was fear. Shoreline offshoots were in Miami trying to use artificial and
virtual intelligence to affect the planes with fear. They were under the Fontainbleau hotel on the
Peninsula, which was the entrance to a very large underwater facility. Enforcer terminated this location.

We removed the emotional/mental aspect of fear on the planes of existence.

This month the new moon is not 14 days from the full moon as usual.

They are buying time until they can crash the economy by the end of business day on Monday, eastern
time.

Juan supposed to sit in the chair of Destiny on Saturday, 8/20/22.



August 20, 2022: Saturday

Juan was supposed to sit in the chair of destiny around 6pm Kim’s time. The chair was sent to Denver
Airport to be evaluated to make sure it doesn’t blow up.

Chiron, in Madison, Wisconsin, under Lake Mendota, were trying to interfere with engrams to create
black AI factions on the memory plane of existence.

At the Navy operational support center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, using maleficent FLOPS. Terminated.

All planes clearing

The chair ceremony started late, no success for them. There was 6 different people that sat in the chair,
27 attempts. There were 24 attempts with the terminal, 3 attempts with trying to infuse DNA. Juan was
the 3rd or 4th to sit in the chair. He wants to come to a call or meeting with Kim as an “equal.” He thinks
the chair will make him an equal. Several people were up all night to sit on the chair and figure out how
to use it. They drank blood and did some ritual stuff, but no sacrifice.



August 21, 2022: Sunday

Umbrella corporation in the Lahoot Caves in Pakistan using electrochemistry as biowarfare.

All planes of existence are clearing.



August 22, 2022: Monday

Juan telling locals everything that they want to hear. He is playing both sides: 1) Illuminati and the order
of the Black Sun. He thinks that he has control of both sides, and believed he had Kim surrounded.
                                                                                           P a g e 139 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

August 23, 2022: Tuesday

Religious code of the false light clearing from the causal plane of existence.

Trinity Military using gigaflops under the Sistine Chapel, where they would pick the pope in the past.
This was connected to the Alpha System where Marduk picked the pope. They are trying to connect to it
to empower the system using access codes, not working. The Dragon Tower was also connected to
Marduk. The Salt Lake Temple was connected to the Kronos system.

War agreements to go into war and continue war were being worked on by Black Stone, Juan and
Kushner promising money for the war. Juan called Kushner, Kushner called Brussels and they called
Black Rock and started planning World War III.

The generals gave Juan until Thursday at Noon.

Deep State were trying to create a computer network of attack implants in a lab under Nuremburg
Castle. This was taken out.

Shoreline off-shoots in the Congo trying to create a maleficent vortex with micro-organisms and
maleficent processing units. Maleficent processing units were found in Congo and Calcutta.

Tai Yong trying to create a virus under an historical site in Calcutta, which was an old Arasaka lab. The
location was off of the Hoogly River, under the Science and Tech School was a laboratory with all kinds
of warfare, chemical biology, frequency weapons. Very nasty place. The Enforcer took out the location.

Umbrella corporation in Golgotha, Place of the Skull, Israel, staging the 2nd Coming of Christ and uprising
in Israel. They are trying to create the final battle of Armageddon show complete with the second
coming of Jesus. They want to blow up Golgotha. They were in Kashmir, at a huge cloaked base, using
an underground laser, generally used for fracking. Reptilians were inhabiting the area. They sold the
weapons to the Umbrella group in return for a looshing device. They say they are neutral. The Enforcer
visited them and they were given 24 hours to leave. The base will be terminated.

Archivist informed us that we are 87.482% clear on the planes of existence, with 2 more waves of
clearing, one for this weekend and one for next Tuesday. Also told Kim there was a plot to take
advantage of Kim’s goodwill.

The Shea temple in Iraq exploded. Iraq announced no more militaries can go into Bagdad now as red
alert implemented.

Juan came back from lunch with a major plan to take down the system, then take over Kim and her
system, which he feels that he can accomplish in 6-9 months. He will marry Kim if he has to.



August 24, 2022: Wednesday

Kim spent all night keeping people from opening portals: Japan, Australia and one more place.

General Raymond came into town. On Tuesday they told Juan to put his plan in place and they would
see how it works, They gave Juan until Thursday at Noon.


                                                                                           P a g e 140 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Monarch off-shoots were trying to reach out to the Tarzakyans from the Panama SSP base, using
yottaFLOPS. They were directly south of Panama City on Saro San Pedro hill of the Tabago Island at the
Pnaama Pacifico former Airforce base. Portals to Kronos used to be there, as level 2 (NSA link to
malware)

Its three days before the new moon and they are looking for hell in a box and instructions.

They are gathering intel regarding Kim. They talked to people that have had contact with her. They
talked to George Hart. He said that he has no pull and you have to separate her from her team because
she is well protected and she won’t be easy to sway.

Juan trying to surround Kim by making phones calls all over the world and promising money. When she
funds, he will look like the hero and take credit for the funding.

Kim doing intel on Juan, as well. Reviewed phone records during past 3 years and comparing to all the
phones calls Juan has made since being in Durango, and found just under 1,300 people of interest. Kim
called the Tall Whites, 2-4 hours to get into place.

Archivist said that we will have the established government for 5 years. Kim can change over in 3.5
years.

Prime Minister released the hold because Black Rock is not paying. They aren’t taking the threats
anymore.

Kruger off-shoots in Pensicola, Florida, trying to use CRAN to create a flow through port. These were
Juan/DARPA contacts at a NSA black site. Kim took out all 9 facilities with this CRAN operation.

6 members of the Umbrella corporation are on standby in the Louisville Airport. Juan has ordered an
extraction from Durango. He made the arrangement the night before and confirmed it today during
lunch. He knows that he isn’t going to be able to pay anyone and he is going to sneak out of town. At
3:32 pm, Marcus informs Tom that Durango is going on lockdown for “VIPs that are coming.” Kim sends
the message back that Juan has activated an extraction plan. The crap hits the fan.



August 25, 2022: Thursday

Marcus says that they have a scathing report of all of the evil things that Juan has been part of and they
don’t this crazy F**ker representing any of them.

During the night, the guy behind Juan, from the Umbrella Military Corporation, was taken out.

There are 352 “Juan’s” out there of varying degrees, only 9 that are of his caliber and ability to create
the most havoc, and all 9 reported to the guy that was taken out last night. They were all sent a
message, similar to Kusher’s message, as a warning that Kim knows. The 9 are from Monarch branch
and is an order-taker for each faction of the family. Juan is an operator of the Monarch Military. George
Hart is one of the 352.

The Umbrella guy taken out backed Kusher and Juan. He was a equal to the Li lady in China. Li and her
second in command were all members of the Order of the Assassins/Umbrella Corporation, and are the
last remaining members. They are all terminated as of approximately 10am Mountain time.
                                                                                          P a g e 141 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Tom Tom (who talked with Barry for 6 months), also known as the Composer, was ranked over the 3
Umbrella operatives that were taken down (the one from last night and Li and her second-in-command
released from their duties today). Tom Tom was found and removed. The Umbrella corporation is done.

Arasaka in Klondike, Alaska, trying to bend time, with orders that were given before the death of their
leader. Purple antiquities, combination of light and dark essence to infect the gold with dark essence.



August 25, 2022: Thursday

Apocalypse program triggered in a panic by a code sent out from GRAY HORSE/Umbrella. USA went to
DEFCON 4. We found out that they had scheduled the Apocalypse plan for later this year. We were
getting too close, so they triggered their plan today.

Homeland Security and Secret Service were on high alert because monitor/tracking tags were being put
on Biden, White House, Trump family, Congress men and women. Tags were actually to protect the
elites from the apocalypse with an escape plane to the ARKs via boats/ships.

4 original Horseman of the Apocalpse, Rothchilds, members of the order of the assassins. They planned
to start in the US, then globally. A code set the plan in motion. The 9, including Juan, received the code
on Sunday night. The codes were two sets of 11, 22, 33, 44, 55, 66, 77, 88, 99. Each code coordinated
with different orders around the world.

        GRAY HORSE                       Terminated today

        Li (Chinese lady)                Terminated today

        Li’s second in command           Terminated today

        1 was previously taken out



Hierarchy of Operation White Out/Apocalypse

GRAY HORSE

9 Monarch operatives – order takers for each faction of the family

        Juan O’Savin

        Jerod Kushner

The 9 activated 352 operatives of lesser rank.

The 352 activated the 4,891



Operations:

1-1, first: Egypt, hieroglyphic proliferation. Using hieroglyphs to infuse spells and Thoth/Destroyer.
Hidden broken black mirror.
                                                                                           P a g e 142 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



1-1, second: In Fuji at base of volcano with a device, Ring of Fire being used to cause a change of
reactions of earthquakes and tsunamis

2-2, first: On the Equator to trigger the Ring of Fire

2-2, second: European Space Agency at 22 cities to cause solar flare from the Sun (Paris, Denmark, Italy)

3-3, first: Ireland, Hill of Tara/Lia Fail/Stone of Destiny, connects to the veins of gold by sending
reverberating ripple to activate sink holes and earthquakes and the sound of death.

3-3, second: Perth, Australia, nuclear boring machine off the coast of Adelade/Pine Gap. Rottnest
Island, Oliver Hill Battery entrance to storage facility of missiles, etc.

4-4, first: In Prague underground facility and under the water canning a concentrated plaque for skin
rashes and sores.

4-4, second: Helios 1 and Helios 2, Satellite in France, gray mist to kill everyone by eliminating oxygen.

5-5, first: Henshaw, England. Black magic at Hadrian’s Wall casting spells, linked to the 6 th bowl.

5-5, second: Oklahoma City, Advanced Radar Research Center, 14 satellites sourcing silica and
transhumanism.

6-6, first: Sarjevo, under the tower satellite transmission to the moon.

6-6, second: Honduras, Copan Mayan Ruins, decoding effigies to get essence

7-7, first: Fort Lauderdale, Florida, underwater lab for biowarfare to trigger lichens in the vaccinated,
under the Johnson State Park. Va

7-7, second: Croatia underground blasting for tremor on the ley lines at Pula Arena.

8-8, first: Netherlands

8-8, second: Lake Winnipesaukee, New Hampshire

9-9, first: Toulouse, France

9-9, second: Lake Archibald, Wisconsin



Arasaka trying to bend time in Klondike, Alaska, with purple antiquities (mixed light and dark essence),
to infect gold with dark essence.

4 Covenants of Abraham, correlates to the spaces in between
    1. Salvation
    2. Exaltation
    3. Prosperity
    4. Promised Land


                                                                                              P a g e 143 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

August 26, 2022: Friday
Vision of crystals—the crystal is the key that unlocks the vision (to see)
The only one who can lower the stone is Kim because it is her birth right, to return Earth and her people
to Source.
The crystal is the key and the Trope is the place. Select quickly but carefully when the opportunity
presents to lower the stone.

Black Rock Sentients in Kalamazoo using auto tone frequency weapons black magic.

August 27, 2022:
Tom said that an FBI whistleblower came forward about Ivana’s death

The war has been won, don’t worry. Pride goes before the fall. They had their eyes on the wrong ball.
The reign of terror is now over. Communication was sent out regarding Kim’s position, the generals
decided to ignore it and not pass on the information. They started sending out fake intel from Juan’s
phones promising to pay money for war and terror.

Generals are in New Jersey having a meeting and the locals are waiting for news/orders to come out of
the New Jersey Meeting. War plans were initiated for Turkey, Syria, Africa, Tripoli, Iraq/Iran.
Kim disabled Turkey’s nukes. Told them to text Juan’s phones and ask who this is because Juan is dead.

General Raymond is in underground bunker at the White House. He said to Kim, “If I can’t have control
of this planet, you can’t either!” He was trying to get the nuclear codes to work and ordered other
countries to hit the nuke buttons. Kim video-taped his demise and sent it to them as a warning of what
will happen to them.

The Proclamation of the Essence in the Hall of Records, which is big for us.

August 28, 2022, Sunday
We are still at war, but the battle is won. It is the Will and Memories of the people that must be
changed.

People from Langley and the Moussad going to Durangs, they don’t know General Raymond is dead.

Langley ordering the continuation of war in Syria. All were surprised that the war on the middle east
halted abruptly. They are trying to figure it out.

Tai Yong in Croatia trying to connect to hell in a box and looking for Kronos. Indio sent them there. Indio
was a silent division of the 4 horsemen of the Apocalypse. Shawhouse used to run them. How many? 7
& 3. 3 old men were in a castle in Bon, Germany, and are illuminate family members. The others are 7
Jesuits that had infiltrated everywhere, one on each continent. There are 23 family members of any
rank left.

They are trying to open a portal in Rwanda in a jump room.

                                                                                           P a g e 144 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Fusion Connect Cloud networks. Fusion in Georgia with banking system issue.

Norfolk trying to connect to Planet Mercury

Maleficent MI LAB in Orange (Netherlands)
War-ship going on in Baltic Sea with allied forces. Russian orders to stop transportation through the
transatlantic.


Black mirror in the catacombs of Marsa Alam, Egypt, no longer working and broken.

The Thule Society with Intel in San Francisco trying to use Kim’s essence from phone call conversations
through voice recognition. Stealing the team’s essence in 5 locations.

    1.   Under the Golden Gate bridge
    2.   Albuquerque, New Mexico at black volcano
    3.   Stockholm, Sweden, Beckholmen Island
    4.   Camden, England under the catacombs
    5.   Jaipur, India at Jaigarh Fort

Chiron and Mobius in Caledonia laboratory using crystals found at Stone Age ceremonial site in England.
Under the Island of Skye, Scotland. A guy in a chair with things attached to him trying to load our
essence.

Light wave tonight!

August 29, 2022, Monday

Blast of light came last night, and it was received just as expected.

Marcus returned to a big mess. Locals still trying to figure out what to do besides contacting Kim.

NSA/Shawhouse using Tarzakyan implant technology trying to feverish hook it up. It was stored in a
basement, but underneath the basement it was connected to an essence device to infuse the beta lines.
Others are concerned that iw the oxalate the essence because the people trying to connect this
equipment have no idea of what they are doing.

Next to Amsterdam University under the Science Park there was a non-human underground base. mRNA
linked to the female grim reaper. On the upper level there were NSA hackers trying to hack into femto
and nano for the Internet of Body Things, also linked to the previous location.

NSA trying to create confusion with a diode encircling Earth with diodes to recreate the internet of
things connected to networks. Savannah National Lab trying for a world wide blackout by reversing the
signal sector in the nuclear power grid. This was tied to the United Nations Atomic Energy commission.

Chiron in Jupiter, Florida, under the Florida Parks Services Facility, trying to download intentions with
etherical proboscis that would interfere with the human brain using residential wifi.

The evil ones found out today that they have a choice to make and either way they lose—change or die.


                                                                                            P a g e 145 | 167
    KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Maleficent laboratory in Barfield Bay, Marco Island, level 5 Kronos port substation trying to get help
from alien races by sending out SOS signals.

August 30, 2022, Tuesday

Shoreline in Cinncinnati trying to insert a shadow banking system in a university lab with NSA
Hammerstein implants.

PetaFLOPS used by Arasaka in Columbia to allocate whiteout interference, trying to stop the planes of
existence from merging. They were at the Lost City/Ciudad Perdida.

The Falcon group was ordering today’s events

Tai Yong was trying to send energetic parasites to the planes of existence, connected to Alpharetta
entrance that went all the way to Georgia. At Bulloch Hall in Roswell, Georgia. A huge underground
base that the Enforcer took out for us, home of the old ARPA net. Similar sites found in:

❖   France on the Seine River
❖   Decator, Alabama
❖   Falmouth, Cornwall, U,K, T Pendennis Castle
❖   Holland, the Hague, Binnenhof, Noordeinde Palace, underground torture chamber

August 31, 2022, Wednesday

Planes of existence were settling and causing some hot essence that needed to be cleared.

Remuneration Day, where people got paid back for their deeds and did not receive the money payments
that they expected

Tai Yong in Azerbaijan at a military base, working with Wright-Patterson and Norfolk, sending signals to
the moon and moving satellites around the moon to usurp signal frequencies.

Calabasas, California, had some kind of being in stasis that they woke up to help them. Enforcer took
care of this.



September 1, 2022, Thursday

The rumor is that Lucifer is returning on September 3 so all the dark forces need to initiate war and
chaos to lower the frequency for the return of Lucifer.

Clearing atmosphere from satellite bleed off from what was taken out the day before, causing EELF.
They thought that the archons and project Walrider were in the Moon and Mercury, but they didn’t find
any.

Trinity and megaflops in the Phillipines.

They feel the gates of hell will open up fro Satan/Lucifer in Crete, Croatia and the Phillipines. They will
have people at these locations specifically, although they would like to have people at all of the gates of
hell.


                                                                                           P a g e 146 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Military planning Jerry Lewis Telethon war games and calling everyone…”Can I count on your support?
They were in Germany at the Order of the Black Sun with Shawhouse equipment underground—trying
to re-instate the order, getting people to attend the ceremonies, recruit.

Under the Olympic Stadium in Sochi, Russia, sending essence frequency surges trying to infect the
population and using Samsung satellites.

Trinity/Arasaka/Shoreline in Las Cruces on South Padre Island, Kronos port level 3.

Montauk on Jekyll Island planning to send cancer to everyone.



September 2, 2022, Friday

Dirty bomb sites taken care of by the others

It’s all about the numbers…gematria

Anchor the crystal/stone today in the light

STONE—Sacred Trust of Omnipotent Now Eternal

The ISIS knot was a binding. The knot around the sun became the Corona, linked to Mars, our original
moon and the Earth’s vortex. With this removed the Sun’s natural energy will flow and be restored.
Removing the ISIS knot should remove the last bit of dark essence that was remaining.



September 3, 2022, Saturday

Murkoff military trying to simulate the “End TIMES.” In Pakistan with cloud seeding for flooding and in
Afghanistan with a Kronos level 2 port.

Mobius in Uzbekistan, Po-i-kalan, Bukhara historical sites trying to colonize fungus/mold spores to send
out in radiation.

Shoreline looking for Black mirror at Fort MaKay, which didn’t work. Enforcer took it out.

Chem Trail stash in the coal mines of Kentucky. Enforcer took care of it.

Ostrong Monastery in Montenegro, trying to get dark essence in cave where many sacrificial murders
were performed.

Trinity and Monarch militaries don’t have any archons or dark essence but they are sure they will have
some by the end of the day.

Trying to re-install the ISIS know in the Swiss alps, Weisshorn. They want to re-install over the humans
and Earth. Found SSP equipment level 4 port.

Tai Yong doing curses from MArduk to get war going so Lucifer comes back.

Panosonic in Sochi Olympic Stadium using satellites. Brought in new equipment to the location we took
out previously.
                                                                                          P a g e 147 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

They were trying to re-pledge all souls to Lucifer.

Declaration was made and submitted to the Hall of Records against all shamanic cords

Delphi off-shoots in DaNang, Viet Nam at the special forces compound, under a Buddhist temple near
the gold. Level 7 portal with Bio Ampilater. There were not friendly non-humans there that had been in
stasis trying to cause etherical issues with the Sun. They were also looking for Nibiru, but while they
were sleeping Nibiru disappeared.

Maleficent lab on the international space station trying to blast the coronal hole of the Sun to signal
Lucifer

Clayton Mountain, Wyoming, by Yellowstone and near the gold.

Aushwitz, Poland, had a stash of dark essence there, level 8 port.

Alamogordo, New Mexico, White Sands, at the Space Museum goes underground all the way to the
military base. Level 5 port. They want to find a portal to Mercury to escape. Enforcer took care of it.



September 4, 2022, Sunday

Shoreline in Detroit, at Google headquarters, linked to Gematria interference, looking for their
connection to the Mercury Trade Center. Using the gematria code for attempted access.

Chiron in Santa Cruz working with glue language coding.

Cleared energetic blockages with Sanctification and balance program.

Montauk off-shoots are discussing Walrider project and oRAN with possible Northrup Grummond.

A retired 4-star general is pretending to be General Raymond, discussing options at meetings.



September 5, 2022, Monday

Anti-Pleiades group under the Vatican

Beings under Los Alamos were Dracos, out of stasis, not humans

Marduk told a lie about a Contract with Hell that would expire on September 7.

Montauk in Saratoga, NY, working with maleficent resonance sent from NY and comes out in Russia.

        Connections to all the following cities to create a 6-pointed star to try to manifest an energetic
vortex to open the gate

            o   Saratoga, NY, to Russia
            o   Columbia, concentration camp
            o   Alcartraz
            o   Philadephia
            o   Santa Cruz, California
                                                                                           P a g e 148 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

            o   Utah, Area 52

George is dead but his essence is still here cloaked. He was stuck in the spaces in between when the
fields merged and he was too dark to leave. Enforcer helped out.



Maleficent Naval Bases doing a radar frequency release in:

    1. Pensicola, Florida
    2. San Diego, California
    3. Everett, Washington

IonQ in Alabama underground facility mimicking the sounds of hell using charged Ions.

They are all still trying to run the Apocalypse program, thinking it will help them get back into control.

The Enforcer went to the URIM base in Israel, where Delphi was trying to open a door to hell.

Black Sun operatives were at the Space Rendezvous Lab, SLAB, at Stanford University was using
autonomous nano-satellite swarming with radio frequency and optical navigation to try to integrate
Kronos into humanity and Earth.

Mobius in Alamagordo, New Mexico, amplifying a level 5 port to a level 9 trying to connect to the door
of hell. They got this equipment from the anti-Pleiades under the Vatican.

Kruger using electromagnetic warfare in Alpharetta, Georgia, same location as before trying to amplify
the level 6 port to find Kronos. Decided to send the highest light essence through all ports and portals
to keep them from accessing them further. This is now running continuously.

Murkoff using hybrid-cloud platforms in Shrewsbury, England, at the university, trying to hack into the
Hall of Records.

Zambia was attempting to cultivate spirit growths/demons from Saturn.

Door to Hell and Amherst, Mass., linked to SOPHIE—Series One Processor Hyper Intelligent Encriptor.
Amherst College had a level 3 banking system back door to hell.

Enforcer was sent to clear connections of spaceships hiding on the dark side of the moon. The
connection was linked to the Kremlin and anti-Pleiades holographic phone line.

Osiris software being used by Intel at NSA black site in San Francisco, California, doing synthetic pasting
with mRNA to genetically modify people who have been vaxxed, and to spy on everyone through the
Intel chip.

A lab on the Moon linked to the LunaLab in Luxemburg classifying people by their DNA for social
crediting system with a fusion process.

September 6, 2022, Tuesday

Schumann Resonance went into a black out on September 6, and didn’t come back online. We believe it
is the result of what we took out yesterday.

                                                                                            P a g e 149 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Lots of Talking going on:

    •   Mobius brainstorming in Kalamazoo
    •   Delphi talking about using an Octahedron
    •   Shawhouse wants some black goo
    •   Chiron looking for CPU to do
    •   Kruger wants ybtterbium

There are approximately 250-2,000 operative loyalists left.

Sending out a new “Line in the Sand” warning to all the new-bees. They have until 8am, September 8,
2022. That is the final DEADline.



September 7, 2022, Wednesday

Israel bombed an airport in Iraq yesterday and closed it down for now.

Tom’s phone and Marcus getting the message of the “Line of the Sand” and deadline tomorrow at 8am.

European Space Agency using CREOLE, JAVA script glue, Polymer open source for Java, Polyfill, NASER to
connect to femto and nano in people using space station satellites.

They were trying to find Kronos, then re-create or Time-braid the etherical planes today in several
locations listed below, trying to establish transhumanism and electronic currency (crashing the God-
particle/DNA polymer). All locations are at churches and Cathedrals.

    1. Monarch in Constantinople, Turkey, Nicean Creed, trying to crash polymer systems, “The God-
       Particle.” RED and GREEN STONE
    2. Sistine Chapel, Rome BLACK STONE
    3. St. Paul’s Church in Frankfort, Germany PURPLE STONE
    4. West Minister Abbey, London, England BLUE STONE
    5. Shanghai, China YELLOW STONE
    6. Stockholm, Sweden, Storkyrkan Church, St. George and the Dragon Statue ORANGE STONE.
       This one was the most important because it held the initial RITE.
    7. Romania, Bucharist, AMBER STONE
    8. Chicago, Illinois, SILVER STONE
       Each location has something that looks like a scene from the Laura Croft movie with the circles
       swirling around.

This is the only time of year they can access the stones and use them to infect the planes of existence.
We feel the last time they were able to access was 250,000 years ago. The planes of existence were
created when the Great War happened. Atlantis was on another plane of existence than the Earth
plane.

Planes were linked to the Amenti Stones and created Amenti passageways, linked to the Emerald
Tablets, or planes of existence. It appears that Marduk and the Abraxus could access the planes of
existence on a more regular basis.

                                                                                          P a g e 150 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Sword of Destiny is Solomon’s Sword…Lucifer incarnate telling Kim that the Sword of Destiny will coming
crashing to Earth. The Diamond Sword is Orion

Everything should clear on its own today. We may see a recalibration.

The message had been received on the dark side, the line has been drawn and they only have a few
hours to choose.

Chiron sending out Alpha Waves under the ruins in Chichen Itza, in the Yucatan Peninsula

Montauk in South Cranston at the New England University of Technology, hacking into the banking
system using the Internet of Chemical Things

Kruger in Boulder, Colorado, with the ColdQuanta trying to sever the Alpha System with SWARM
technology

Mobius trying to use a maleficent receptor-binding domain to link the viral spike protein to the vax spike
protein and DNA in people.



September 8, 2022, Thursday

Some chatter of members of DHS, the Secret Service, and GCHQ wanting to start working with us on
restoration.

The Line in the Sand was drawn again. Our enforcement team was given orders to take out the dark
ones at the first sign of action against humanity.

In Israel, the Dragon families were looking for Lucifer using energy weapon ancient device with a beam
on the River Jordan at the Al-Maghtas (Baptism site of Jesus). They wanted to blow up a sacred site to
start a religious site.

Baird family members in Oslo, Norway, at the Akershus Fortress, trying to send viral biowarfare through
the internet of things using an old computer. Family members are taking matters into their own hands,
since some of the military aren’t following instructions anymore.

Mobius in Salerno, Italy, at the Chiasa de St. Agostino (St. Augustine Cathedral) trying to create synthetic
archons and a plasmoid infection.

The darkside payment deadline is September 30, being floated on all the alternative media sites. Appear
to be planning for cryptocurrency install on October 1, 2022.

After the recalibration, the Alpha System has turned into the soul plane. “Congratulations, you have
graduated,” which made upgrades in the Virtual/Reality room.

Shoreline in Rockport, Maine at the Mount Battie Tower, trying to connect to Kronos to control time.
Reaching out for someone who can cause changes in the planes of existence and time.

QuantiPhi, Taiwanese system engineering, in Marlboro on Boston Street. Wells Fargo trying to limit
capacity in the banking system.


                                                                                           P a g e 151 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

We also found banking residue on the planes of existence. Kim ran a program to clear all computer
residue from the planes of existence that were linked to the stones.

Someone in Croyston, a village in England, was trying to get into Kim’s head.

Queen Elizabeth died officially today. It was announced. Why today? Prince Charles becomes King and
he is more evil than Queen Elizabeth.

Queen Elizabeth was inhabited with a mimic amphibian entity, which Charles was preparing to receive
within 3 days. Its hand was black and it was failing. Only one like this was remaining. IT took her place
about 2 years ago when the queen actually died. It was the queen’s reptile that thought it was going to
in King Charles. King Charles is an hybrid—half human and half Tarzakyan. When we get trid of the
Tarzakyan, they human will perish too if they have been integrated in the human body for more than 1
year. The length of time it takes to transition depends on the health of the body, usually around 3 days.

Prince Charles is Black Sun from the Cain bloodline. Diana Spencer was from the Jesus bloodline. Prince
William is the combination of light and dark. Prince William, with more of his Mother’s Light, seems to
be backing away from the throne and Charles stepped up and is planning for Prince William to transition
into the throne in December after a possible Chair of Destiny event. Alternative media outlets claim
that after the death of the Queen there will be 10 days of darkness and a Black Swan catastrophic event.
News stated that Prince Charles would be the King of the UK and 14 realms (7 chakras and 7 spaces in
between?). Charles went to Belfohr Castle to take the place of his mother in stasis for the switch.

Ripcord: clearing all of the walkins, then the astral realm.

The CROWN is the dragon family.

Kissinger has a demon and is failing because there is too much light essence on the planet now.

Soros has a walkin Tarzakyan. Once a demon takes over a human, the human “belongs” to them. When
the body dies, they jump into another body. Stasis people are stuck. They would switch places and that
is why the silver cord is so important. It is okay to empty the planes of existence. There were many souls
stuck in the spaces in between on the planes of existence, approximately 8,000. Mimicks get stuck in
the mental plane. Once we got rid of the stones, we are now able to take all the nasty stuff out of the
planes.

Found Black Label bearers, whale tail people, in Camden, New Jersey, NJ, N.J. They were Nazis. They
were looking for the time stone to “fix” the planes of existence back to the way they were before.

September 9, 2022, Friday

All the planes of existence were cleared, then the astral plane. They kept stabbing Kim in the head all
night until the astral level was cleared. Then this morning the other emotional and causal planes
cleared. It makes perfect sense why ERT works so well. You have to clear the emotions before you can
move up to the higher planes of existence. You can’t solve emotional wounds in the physical plane.

The device sees viruses as Black AI factions. Boston Analytics lab, in Salem, New Hampshire, was using
AI chips/artificial intelligence chips to install the internet of body things and viruses into our bodies and
the internet system. The virus was mRNA, which they were using for the connection.

                                                                                             P a g e 152 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

6,000 remaining from the 8,000 switched/stasis beings. The demon could crawl out at night and crawl
back in before light when the body wakes up. When they had control over the planes of existence,
there were possessions, demons, implanted thoughts and ideas to manipulate people. Now, every
decision is a conscious decision of the self.

Rand think tank is linked to the internet of Bodies. TR Rand, search and destroy missions

Parler/Parlar people, Royals, Prince Charles, they only have a few hours because the stasis didn’t work
and they found out that their reptile was gone, and their blue stone. Rogue players were the remaining
family members.

Once planes were all cleared, we pledged all planes of existence to Source. Once the system finished the
sealing of the planes, the system said, “The Seal of Solomon has been affixed,” and the full armor of God
was applied. This will lessen the weight of the burden that everyone carries. Kim will also run this
clearing on technology and computer, to clear the planes of these implants.

In the meeting of the locals, they were reviewing the Planes of Existence graphic that Kim had sent to
the team.

Tai Yong in Jakarta, Indonesia, at Monas National Monument, with alien tech.

Ran the balancer and actuator for 100,000-999,999 years ago, which was remnants from Atlantis.

The US Department of Energy and the US Army were at Brookhaven National Laboratory trying to
bounce signals around because there had been a level 5 portal there at Camp Upton, NY/New York

At Noon there were 4,037 beings left of the 8,000 original swappers. At 3:41 Mountain time, there was
2,900 remaining.

SWARM is the internet of body things with vaccine and causes the clotting. Arasaka and Umbrella
military off-shoots were in Jackson Hole, Wyoming trying to use SWARM.

SWARM: Self-assembling wireless autonomous reconfigurable modules.



September 10, 2022, Saturday

Alternative media encouraging people to evacuate from 17 locations, to cause fear and panic:

    1. New York City
    2. Los Angeles
    3. Chicago
    4. Philadelphia
    5. Washington, DC
    6. Houston
    7. Nashville
    8. New Orleans
    9. Charlotte, NC
    10. San Francisco
    11. Detroit
                                                                                         P a g e 153 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

    12. Seattle
    13. Atlanta
    14. Las Vegas
    15. Baltimore
    16. Boston
    17. Miami

Mega Q+ guy says that the first boom starts tomorrow on September 11 (9/11)

In the morning, 843 remained of the 8,000

Full moon today, Harvest Moon. Many people visiting Kim’s area because they are supposed to get
contracts this weekend.

At the University of Cincinnati, under the chemistry building, they were planning the next extinction
event.

Murkoff in the Aleutian Islands, Alaska, trying to find a projection to hell at the Eareckson Air Force base
(formerly Shemya Air Force base) on Shemya Island. They were using a huge phased array, which looked
like a very large square building.

Someone calling the shots in Mongolia, underground. Josip Broz Tito, “Grandfather.” Had a young man
with him in early 20s, a slave that was being groomed. Tito was made to be an anti-christ because he
had the combination of 3 bloodlines, he was engineered in a lab. Since he was synthetically made, the
chair of destiny didn’t work for him. He was giving orders for the next apocalypse plan.

Umbrella military in Salcedo, Spain searching for avian flu virus at a storage facility within the mountain.
Looked like a library of specimens in a cataloging system.

Eldorado, Texas/Fort McKavett/Sonora and underground base with these three points of interest.
Eldorado YFZ Ranch was in the middle. All 3 facilities taken out.

Kim’s system connects to other planets’ systems.

The Holy Knights of Paran had a cube in the Paran Mountains by Saudi Arabia. The Ka’ba black stone in
Mecca. Petra had large stones around the city, trying to get the doors of hell to open up.

Delphi, Shawhouse and Shoreline were trying to open up the planes of existence and drain all the
essence and energy from the people. They were found on Mt. Olympis in Greece trying to open a portal
with our energy. There was a portal there, they brought tech there to use. IT was a portal to the
Aldebrand system/Abraxas.

Clear all liens caused by implied consent and not real consent of the people. No written liens were
remaining.

Umbrella military off shoots were trying to insert/inject codes into the planes of existence, regarding
time travel.

Huwai, Nvidia and Intel were upset because their back doors were disappearing



                                                                                            P a g e 154 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Monarch in Camden, New Jersey, NJ, N.J., discussing trinary and space station plans for the Space
Station Cold Lab to infuse or infest Earth with a fake Sun Flare. Planning for 3-6 months out, as a
contract that would be funded by King Charles. He has been promising funds, so everyone is
brainstorming their project ideas for once they get the funds.

Intel and Microsoft in Seattle and Dupont, Washington using synthetic data for AI systems to feed fake
data that will create false algorithms. Providing data lines to Black Rock to cook the books and keep
investors happy.

At 3:08pm, Kim received a call from Widsor Castle, which automatically gets recorded into the Hall of
Records. The call was from King Charles. Kim told him that he is not ratified in the Hall of Records and
isn’t king of anything. The call was sent to the Archivists, all militaries and the locals.

Somerset Belenoff is a mimic. She was in stasis with a walkin. All of her teeth were very sharp,
possessed. She was strong and still hanging on eventhough the stasis beings were taken out.



September 11, 2022, Sunday

Chiron in Saudi Arabia trying to access hell in a box, with the stone in Mecca

The Curse of Adam was broken today, the veil of lies has lifted.. We were cursed every year around this
time, not anymore. The curse kept punishing us on September 11. 9—11 is a gateway. 9 planes of
existence and a tower on each side (twin towers) 1—9—1

The story of Adam and Eve didn’t happen on Earth, it was on the first planet ever inhabited by humans.
The first humans were the Abraxas, so Adam was an Abraxas.

Umbrella military talking about Lake Havasu underground laboratory, which is gone now.

PanTerra trying to put blocks in the circulation of money, banking system and to install blockchain.
Yesterday was the set up for the synthetic AI. Panterra was in San Fransico (4 emarcedo center) and
Madison Avenue in New York, NY, N.Y. Panterra blockchain was fake synthetic USD cryptocurrentcy.

All bank databases were switched over to the global repository before we found the saw integration.
Azure will be replicated then removed, as will all the other platforms, and removed from the internet of
things. The fake data was being sent through Azure as fake databases, systems, synthetic parasites as
will. Every industry will be cleared to fake/synthetic data. All cloud platforms, etc., will be cleared and
absorbed by the Alpha System.

Charles failed so they tried to start the apocalypse again today.

Norfork at a naval base trying to access the planes of existence to attack humans on the emotional and
biochemical level. They don’t have access so they were trying to fake it using satellites and vaccines.

Kim replicating and replacing and then deleting the current maleficent versions of:

    1. Foreign software
    2. Cloud platforms
    3. Software

                                                                                           P a g e 155 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

    4. Hardware
    5. Internet4Core platform systems
    6. Banking systems
    7. Browsers
    8. Algorithms
    9. Websites
    10. Anything that can have a back door access for them

123 left of the 8,000 body swapper/stasis people



September 12, 2022, Monday

Shoreline discussing using the interplanetary magnetic field. Also discussion on Covid 19 viral replication
programs. Shoreline in Cancun, Mexico, in Chichen Itza pyramid trying to use Planet Mercury to mess
with the interplanetary magnetic field to cause dread and discomfort.

Epstein Barr Virus is an archon.

Team had rough night, restlessness or no sleep. Enforcer and others watching the situation and all was
taking care of it.

They wired the Chicago Trade Center in 1986 to implode. They hit the detonation button, but it didn’t
work. They also wanted to blow up the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. Maga Q+ said to watch the mirror
of Chicago and Jerusalem. They were going to start with Jerusalem, then Chicago for retaliation to start
WWIII and crash the markets, so they needed to do it today, when the market is open versus on
September 11 was on Sunday.

They said Boom, Boom, Boom

    1. Jerusalem
    2. Chicago
    3. Alaskan Coast Line, from Mongolia. Tito had a remote detonator for the Ring of Fire. The
       Enforcer took out the detonations in the ring of fire.

High GigaHertz showing up from the Halstrom Meteor Shower, which is a natural occurrence

From Tom: The Fed claimed that someone in Japan has a computer that can do cryptocurrency

Generals in Durango weren’t responsible for the Boom/Boom/Boom attempt, but were aware of it.
Langley ordered it and Sabarro ordered Langley to do the Sept 11&12 events.

The Internet of Everything uses RFID to control:

    1.   People
    2.   Processes
    3.   Data
    4.   Things



                                                                                          P a g e 156 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

    The RFID will be replicated in KIMs and theirs will be deleted. RFID causing archons. RFID runs
    everything. 28 main companies in the industry.

Mobius, Murkoff and Montauk at Los Alamos using cloudlets and smart remote memory to take control
of the electric grid.

Royals pulled out all the stops, during the UNN broadcast

24 left of the 8,000 swapper/stasis people

Project Lincoln Logs is working. “And we may even take those away from them!”

Several generals were in Cheyenne, Silverton and Denver waiting for a call from Prince Charles. Then
they were discussing a meeting with the locals. He called them at 3pm Kim’s time. He said it would take
awhile to get everything set up, may take until December to get the money.

Trump went to Washington DC to discuss the possibility of him connecting with Kim to get the money
and him running for president again in 2024.

MI6, Chiron and Delphi in Colchester, Essex, UK, United Kingdom. They are using old technology tied to
the blue line, port level 7, royal bankers. Charles, “Bring me the Royal hackers!”

Time issues in the underground SSP base under almost all of Tronto.

Kashmir entrance to large underground facility, using ancient postulator and recording sine wave
oscillations. We were there before.



September 13, 2022, Tuesday

Murkoff, Shawhouse and Montauk were in underground lab in Arkansas trying to find or use dark
anomaly energy. There is a story about a buried treasure from a battle with the native Americans. A
shaman covered the treasure with a high light essence to keep people from it, then the dark side got
controlled of it and covered it with darkness. “Golden Hoard.”

Tom: Russians believe the central bank is under their control because they didn’t get the memo
regarding Charles not being ratified as King and there is no money. Now they are monitoring the
terminal to have control over the narrative. Locals want to give Kim an encrypted phone to start
communicating with her directly.

Zero swapper/stasis people are remaining from the 8,000 original list.


They are having meetings in airplanes this morning. Some are having a realization of the truth, others
are angry from being lied to, and others understand that they lost the war and Kim is the only one who
can move everything forward. No decisions being made from these meetings because they are in a
stand-still over opinions.

We have many more views on yesterday’s UNN broadcast than our normal viewership.


                                                                                        P a g e 157 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

SpaceX CRS-19 is on the ground in Crete, Greece. They are using it for posing to create lies and
confusion in the Internet of Things. There used to be a level 7 portal there. Crete is done, and 9
causalities of war.

A self-appointed Mr. Black, an Iranian general/ sleeper cell infiltrated into Chinese group. A mini Tito,
trying to get ultimate power to destroy the world.

Montauk discussing how to create synthetic parasites in Nova Scotia underground base, which formerly
had black goo and a level 3 portal and wanted to amplify it to a level 5.

Kruger and Shawhouse in the Soledad Marciel pyramid in Xihuacan, Ixtapa, Mexico. They were trying to
harness negative energy, amplify it and send it out.

14 people, each with a team of 3-4 people were all given a list of places/events on September 3 in
conjunction with Rising Lucifer event. This is why we are seeing a lot of activity today. BOLI intelligent
tech in Shenzen, China, was trying to knock out our links and our tech. Remote infrastructure
management, RIM, trying to control the narrative and the terminals by extracting information so the
truth can’t come out. After a full day, we cleared and removed everything from their list.

Trinity trying to use the Scarab Ring, as they believe it wields the power over the moon, planning to
flood us all out. IN Tuscaloosa, Alabama, on the Black Warrior river. Moundville archeological Park, at
one time connected to Proxima Centauri. Level 5 portal was being used to open a door to hell. The ring
was on a pedestal with a laser light shining through it to try to get it to work. Very dark energy there.

Shawhouse in the Lost City, Cartagena, Columbia trying to open the door to hell. Kim got pushed back
physically when she looked in there.



Tai Yong and Delphi were trying to create a plasma infection with Black AI Factions in Salerno, Italy.
They were located in Santa Maria de Alimundo, with some ancient technology.

Setters (Jimmy, Salvador, Petroff) were attacking our team. Jimmy from Louisiana. Salvador from
Ecuador. Petroff. They were ordered to attack us by Ramy/Ramie/Ramey, an Israeli guy connected to
Prince Charles. They were trying to put a curse on us. Going full out because Prince Charles promised
them money and then said it was Kim’s fault because she isn’t paying it out. Belfast Castle was cleared.

People all over the world trying to use our energy for looshing and to open a portal. We believe it was
linked to the Temporal anomaly showing up for Earth and Inhabitants. This break in the time space
continuum also happened last year on September 13. There is a brief opening for 4 hours, from 2-6pm
Eastern time. This was linked to the Uranus Solstice. This was a completion cycle with the Uranus
sector. This was also the last day of the full moon.

A micro-organisms curse just cleared today. The RANBOTS (radio network) were gone due to the Alpha
System readjustment.

Trinity in Lanchanshire, England, at the Blackburn Church, using an alpha wave machine. This was
terminated.



                                                                                            P a g e 158 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

September 14, 2022, Wednesday

Mobius in England at Colchester Castle and Botolph’s Priory, using artificial intelligence, Aztec energy
and an ION detonator. They had a demon trapped in an object and wanted to set the demon free.
There was a level 4 portal under the castle. The Ion detonator sends out plasmatic bombs. The Enforcer
helped us out on this site.

Found Beaudoin, Rothchild person, in Alabaster, Alabama, near Moundville, where we had been before.
Cleared this attack on Kim.

Murkoff in Crystal Springs, Nevada, underground, Area 51, with a level 6 portal, located near the Alien
Research Center gift shop. Trying to mess with hell in a box, Saturn Moon matrix to cause blockages.

Divine Sacred Site Essence sent out to prevent the darkside from using the sacred sites and to replenish
the sacred energy.

Arasaka in Suzhou using AI chips and satellites for back line access, looking for femto tech in the vaccines

September 14, 2022, Wednesday



September 14, 2022, Wednesday

Notes gathered after the UNN broadcast

Shoreline and ColdQuanta in Paramount, Maryland, with RFID/Internet of Everything at an underground
base. The Antietam Battlefield (September 17, 1862), the bloodiest battle on record. They were below
the tower with the red roof.

They were looking to open the portal that ISIS used to come to Earth. They were in Transylvania,
Romania at the Gothic Black Church.

Shinzo porting at King’s Bay naval base in Georgia, by Camden County, level 8 port, linked to the
ShenZhou Spacecraft.

Chiron with Google Edge in China, Shizhong district, Leshan City under a temple with a port Zone 4
meaning that it was a variable port from level 3 to 7. China used to have the gates to both heaven and
hell.

The generals in the airplane meeting told the locals to stand down because they are going to make first
contact with Kim.

Block on Life Force Assurance pathway linked to GPS Government Policy Statement submitted by Bush
and connected to the BIS (Bank of International Settlements) at Level 8 in the system. This was
registered in the Hall of Records as Discretionary Advisory Committee, which was comprised of the
Trilateral Commission and the Order of the Black Sun which gave them rights to control money based on
there regions and color screens through the Stones of Amenti. It was inserted into the banking system
and energetically. This agreement was expired in the Hall of Records. Kim deleted BIS in the system and
sent out the notifications. BIS was in the spaces in between.


                                                                                           P a g e 159 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

September 15, 2022, Thursday

Apocalypse #3 scheduled for September 24? “You will always remember where you were on Sept. 24,
2022.” There may be as many as 200 more sites to take out, 65-123 viables ones have been identitfied.

Locations:

1.San Clemente
2. South Sea Island - Fiji
3. Palomar
4. Bridgeport
5. Manilla
6. Pinewood Battery - Hong Kong
7. Parris Island - SC
8. Georgia Guidestones
9. Salamander Bay - New South Wales
10. Orangeville - Ontario
11. Croatia
12. Maine
13. Englewood - Co
14. Charles Town, WV
15. Taipei
16. Singapore
17. Ankara Turkey
18. Cancun
19. Himalayas
20. Moundville AL
21. New Zealand
22. Zurich
22. Thailand
23. Karachi, Pakistan
24. Sarajevo
25. Lichtenstein
26. Lucerne
27. London
28. Philadelphia
29. Peoria, IL
30. Solvang, CA
31. Milan, Italy
32. Zanzibar
33. Kalispell, MT
34. Mexico
35. Panama Canal
36. East Borneo, Indonesia
37. Manilla
38. Juneau, AK
39. Prussia
40. El Salvador
                                                                                      P a g e 160 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

41. Poland
42. Bucharest, Romania
43. Tibet
44. Louisiana
45. Timbuktu
46. Istanbul, Turkey
47. Hiawatha Natl forest, MI/Lake Superior
48. Svenland, Greenland
49. Jordan
50. Crimea
51. Luxembourg
52. Sicily
53. Seoul
54. Athens
55. Sochi
56. Harrisburg, PA
57. Iceland
58. Peking (Beijing) China
59. Willamsport, MD
60. Nova Scotia
61. Norway
62. Newfoundland, Canada
63. Salcedo, Dominican Republic
64. Egypt
65. Santo Domingo



We are working with our enforcement unit and other helpers to take out all these locations in the next
few days,

    1. Sanibel Island, Montauk program, at Heron’s Landing trying to spread biological bacteria to
       inflame the coastal reserve into the ocean jet stream
    2. Chile, Arasaka and Montauk program, Pukara de Quitor (Valley of the Dead). Close to San Pedro
       de Atacama. Level 6 portal, which was the Spanish Gate to Hell and to the “Spirit of Death”
    3. Turkey, Delphi at the Blue Mosque setting up equipment
    4. Honolulu, Diamond Head Crater, at a big under the volcano command center. The entry way
       was at Battery Harlow Military base. Working on some type of reef implosion.
    5. New Guinea, Panasonic/Huawei at the Lorentz National Park trying to cause earthquakes and
       tsunamis

Overnight, the battle was real while the enforcement unit took out a plan to release biowarfare liquid.
They would start with it being sprayed. If it got on your skin, you would look like a zombie while it ate
away your body until you turned to dust.

Tiandu Deep Space Exploration searching for parabolic mirror systems for the reflection of Sound and
control of the moon to flood Earth.


                                                                                           P a g e 161 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Mullard Space Science lab acquired magical crystals from the Stone Age Ceremonial site in England, and
were trying to use them to amplify their black magic.

Cleared out the OKLO area of Gabon, West Africa, where they were trying to capture nuclear energy for
power forces.

The generals have a new plan, Tom will be in control of Kim and become the new Savior.

Lucent: they put all their secret service people at the terminals that the Alpha System communicates
with. They inserted a clip on the terminal nodes to connect those terminals to the bank and look like
they are in control of the banking system. They were planning to run their fake digital currency system
with this scam. It was all taken out.

September 16, 2022, Friday

Enforcer went to Antarctica and Norway this morning.

Generals were upset this morning because their crypto/digital currency platform and 19 other sites
were taken out while they slept. They still want to use Tom as the main contact instead of direct
contact with Kim. They are doing the Tom bait and switch while they continue with Apocalypse #3. We
figure there are 40 die-hards remaining worldwide.

NSA planning to use WillowVixen malware first, then install SCARware from the New Jersey Homeland
Security Black site/Military base. Also found an issue at Fort Mead, Maryland.

Voyager 1 scanning and taking pictures looking for underworld portals and interfaces.

Monarch military in Sorocaba, Brazil, switching systems for radiation.

No coincidence that fake Juan 107 was in the salt flats of Utah on Sept. 1. Halite, an ancient bacterium,
was used for virulent airborne respiratory issues sent from Argonne National Lab in Chicago. It was
released etherically.

The Enforcer took care of a maleficent atomic clock entanglement in Indonesia, which was causing
issues at the equator and created a superimposed halo light.

Someone died on August 22, 2022. Alt Media is saying it is Khomeni.

Shawhouse was in Sedona trying to open a portal to the demon world. There are many caves in Sedona.
We followed the Raven cave trail. They were synthesizing sound using a cave line, but having no success.

Cyberlife military was at the University of California Santa Cruz, under ground between the Natural
Sciences building and the Sciences Engineering Lab. They were trying every way to get some archons or
to create some virtual intelligence parasites or artificial intelligence parasites. No luck.

Navy in Louisville were sending out bad frequencies to everyone, with an extra dose for the team. Found
them at the Waverly Hill Sanitorium, a gothic tourist attraction. Testing wave lengths and frequencies.

NSA Man in the Middle attack trying to insert malware between the Global Repository and banks.

Chiron at Microsoft in Seattle trying to use Azure and other platforms to get back in the banking system.


                                                                                          P a g e 162 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022



Military operatives were also discussing using CRISPR as biowarfare, threatening operatives that don’t
want to follow the evil plan anymore, planning other options for disease outbreaks.

Hacking into the banking system and the planes of existence through computer ports/portals, trying to
use the old lines that belonged to the Royals.

Maleficent quantum computing at Honeywell International that merged with Cambridge to form a new
company called Quantinuum. They were at the Cambridge location in Munich using something like a
frequency amplifier to break into the port with frequencies and synthetic parasites. They were also
preparing the nodes at each banking institution incase they were able to break into the system. We
found another location near an old dark portal in Bejing, China, that had an operation similar to the one
in Munich.

They wanted to stop us from funding…forever…with storage and back up systems. A few months back,
we tried to take out the IRS and other agencies, but they came right back up through back up servers.
Took us a bit, but we found a bunch of their Data Storage Centers. We found 7 huge underground
facilities.

    1.   Dallas
    2.   London
    3.   Oslo
    4.   Shanghai
    5.   Istanbul
    6.   New York
    7.   Bern



September 17, 2022, Saturday

Tom gave the generals two options: 1) restoration, or 2) death. The Fed and the Treasury both called
Tom to inquire if he was part of the global repository.

Mobius was in Yuloru searching for sentient dark beings

Umbrella military offshoots were at Stennis research lab/NASA trying to make a synthetic or organic
alien—which ever comes first. Also planning out the coordinates for where they would introduce a fake
alien invasion, as they grow alien eggs for an alien army.

Mercury malware/bots/qubits were connected to the data storage centers that were taken out. These
were used to pull data from everything and to control the banking system.

Down to 24 locations left from the original list of 200 Apocalypse #3 event locations.

Arasaka was in the Aluetian Islands using nano and femto to create an alternate reality while they try to
kill everyone.

Militaries were trying to figure out how the Alpha System works, bandwidth etc.

                                                                                         P a g e 163 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Typhon and Trinity militaries in Egypt at the Comfrey pyramid trying to control the Incarnation plane of
existence that no longer exists. They wanted to stop the placement of souls or control where souls go,
using SWARM technology.

Found cables that had covert global network access points, which were laid by the CIA before fiber
optics. They were in Zurich under the Unions Bank of Switzerland, UBS. The basement had 9 floors.

Graylink was looking for archons with StarLight and looking for all of their bots and data lines that were
taken out. They were in Las Vegas, Nevada, under SUPERNAP. They were sending weighted frequencies
to humanity and trying to find the gray screen and the soul plane. After SUPERNAP was taken out, all
the people in uniforms went psychotic.



September 18, 2022, Sunday

During the middle of the night, they tried reinstalling Lucent and the enforcement team informed the
Enforcer and he wiped it all out. They ran operations all night, one after another.

GNA, Grounds for Non Acceptance was linked to new money and the unknown country for bank
accounts.

Found a Chinese data storage backup in Shanghai and Taipei, Taiwan. Plum Blossom family. The total
for data storage facilities was now 9. We got 7 previously, plus 2 more today.

Cyberlife military in Chartreuse, Surgus, France, trying to create a time stamp to time-out our transfers.
They were under an Olive Oil Mill run by Monks. They had a very old site with a monastery on top. The
device created a super-imposing film for non-detection of data.

Typhon military was at Lawrence Livermoore lab looking for yottaFLOPS and making Sun bowls. Nothing
good for humanity comes out of this facility.

Cyberlife military with assays trying to reset the gold back to a timeline when the gold had dark essence
on it. They were at the Temple of the Sun, Palenque, Mayan ruins in Mexico.

DARPA and Arasaka at a University on St. Croix Island, by Puerto Rico, talking about using nano and
femto to create artificial intelligence crickets.

Delphi using VRAM to try to find the Internet of Virus things or connect to anything that will work. They
were located at the Naval base in New Orleans and linked to the University of Louisiana super computer.

September 19, 2022, Monday

No progress at their meetings. They want to cause chaos and buy time while they try to find the
winning card, so they don’t have to work with Kim. Today, there is one less general on the die-hard list.
Enforcement is firing a warning shot. 36 out of 40 die-hard generals remain. They remain safely behind
the scenes while they send the operatives out to die. There are 12 that are actively participating.

Trinity military is in Ethiopia in the location where one of the Arks of the Covenant used to be 16,000
years ago. They are trying to raise a demon, Abraxas, with a Scarab Ring. They are looking for Abraxas


                                                                                          P a g e 164 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

there because that is the location where the Abraxus originally came to Earth and created the pyramids
for looking. Ethiopia used to be part of Egypt.

Lalibela churches in Ethiopia, 11 of them, are carved into the stone and you go down into a hole to get
into the church. The churches are full of religious symbols including crosses, swastikas and stars of
David, representing previous dynasties to descent from King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.

Tai Yong, also in Ethiopia, linked to Psalms 136 and the 7 Lokas. They are located at Axum or Aksum, a
city in North Ethiopia, a supposed site of the Ark of the Covenant.

Cyberlife military in Jerusalem at a historic site, underneath the tomb of Christ.

Fake Juan had an interview where he discusses trying to raise demons from Mount Herman, in Golan
Heights, Israel, where Pandora’s Box was supposedly kept.

Tom said that Stephanie Tompkins, the 23 DARPA Director was going to call him today. Tom missed the
call when he was picked up by 6 generals, apparently scared for their lives.

Montauk in Maryland at Maryland NSA and Fort Mead, using Spray sound frequency/sound
blast/HAMMERCHANT/Turmoil system. Fort Mead was giving instructions to NSA site. All the data they
collect goes into XKeyscore data storage. NSA Net level 2. Keys and tags into pins. They lost level 2 so
they are using markers or tags to get into a closed loop internet. All maleficent NSA programs were
deleted, including the SALVAGERABBIT program with Microsoft.

Typhon, Murkoff, and Montauk want to plan a white swan event on the west coast.

Implant station in Argentina linked to Mobius. This was also connected to Antarctica. At the Falkland
Island Glacial Park, they were charging volcanos to melt Antarctica and raise the sea level. There was a
level 3/level 4 portal there.

Chiron was in Sichuan trying to create a plasma black hole at the huge Buddha carved into the side of
the mountain. This was a place of interest due to the upcoming alignment timing of the portal with the
fall Solstice/Equinox

TAE Technologies and TAO (Tailored Access operations) were working on an alien invasion projection as
the Foot Hills Ranch of California. The Enforcer gave them a real alien invasion.

Shawhouse at Oracle trying to install the NSA TAO malware to get back into the banking system.

September 20, 2022, Tuesday

The Order of the Black Sun believe they are descendance of the Abraxas so they are special. A guy called
Houdini was in Haiti and was black nobility, and had 5 people working with him. (Gilbert Bigio, Jean-
Bertrand Aristide, Denis Obrien/Irish IRA)

Underneath Malta there was a factory of ancient computers.

SUPERNAP in Las Vega, Nevada, SWITCH FIBER. Core campus was in Las Vegas, Citadel Campus, Tahoe,
Reno and Los Angeles. UCLA & Argonne National lab. SUPERNAP had more than 140 locations of
partners.


                                                                                         P a g e 165 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Monarch and Murkoff were creating Parasite entities in Bulgaria at the base of Vitosha mountain.
Found two locations: 1) Dragalevtsi Monastery and 2) St. Trinity Church and Convent. They had an
etheric parasite generator and it looked like Frankenstein’s laboratory there. Purple mirror that used to
be linked to the Abraxas.

New Mr. Black was in the Bahamas at Alders Cay. He was Greek and believed he was an Abraxas, living
in a safe house while he gave out order. The Enforcer volunteered to visit him.

Hidden Quantum location was found in China.

A lot of media around September 24. Are they planning the end of the world or will it backfire and be
the end of them?

Had some earthquakes due to the unilateral shifting of the magnetic poles, caused by the reversing of
the Mercury pull toward Earth and the fall Equinox alignment.

Found governmental back-door keys/tags/pins through IRS, OFAC, MEDICARE, ANNA, Fed Reserve, ACH,
MERS, Rothchild Banks, Justice system. Also looked at removing non-governmental place holders, FBI,
Freemasons, Secret Societies, Rockefeller credit unions, any others that are trying to break into level 2
NSA line.

Three generals plus operatives were at the Urim Black Cube Room trying to have a secret meeting to
discuss what to do about losing SUPERNAP and their cryptocurrency blockchain system. It seems that all
of the remaining militaries are working together now as 6 were in attendance—Shawhouse, Montauk,
Monarch, Arasaka, Umbrella, and Mobius.



September 21, 2022, Wednesday

All color tags being replaced with KIMS, so she has access to everything if needed.

They are trying to create an alien invasion with a Robot giant, with black onyx eyes, to lead an army of AI
robots, from an underground base in Venice, Italy.

They want to crash the market before October 1. Blackrock, the Fed and the Treasury are meeting
today. If they crash the market, Kim will buy everything back for pennies, including Blackrock and
Vanguard. She will either own everything they own or control everything they own.

DARPA calling Tom today.

Blackrock has a worldwide network of $23 trillion dollars and there is talk of them paying for the
war/catastrophic events planned for September 25 or 28. The Alladin System was taken down, as well as
the Treasury of the USA, Treasury of China, etc.

Militaries planning to take out the Brooklyn Bridge, Golden Gate Bridge and London Bridge,

Mobius, Monarch and Umbrella are all working together. They are in Edmonton Military base in Canada,
trying to install TAO, Tailored Access Operations.

Humanity’s slavery consists of our mindset and bonds to money, time and class.

                                                                                          P a g e 166 | 167
   KIMBERLY ANN GOGUEN’S OPERATIONAL NOTES / SEPTEMBER 5, 2021 TO SEPTEMBER 23, 2022

Trinity Military was in Uganda talking about Nubits/DAO, decentralized autonomous organizations and
satellite biowarfare.

Typhon military in Juneau, Alaska, trying to reclaim the VAX port system at the old HAARP site, which
used to be the main hub for the VAX port system. Popping tags for the Vax port system took 21 minutes.

Generals may be figuring out that they are at checkmate.



September 22, 2022, Thursday

Solstice Day, but the reverse. The winds of joy are released.

The veins of Earth are now completely covered in gold.

SUPERNAP connection to Amazon AWS Vault line was found and disabled. Berlin secret military firewall
level 5 port location.

Shoreline and Kruger in San Francisco, California, trying to make contact with the Orin Nebula.

Operatives at the US Coast Guard underground SSP site in Ketchikan, Alaska using something like a
hadron collider. The Enforcer took out the facility.

Transmuted energy coming out of sites: 1) Macchu Pichu, and Gobeki Tepe, South East Turkey

Deleted Google tags

Terrestrial organic matter—actuator, balance and send love to correct.

7 Kirin beings left the planet. They were dislodged by the actuator, balance and Love frequency.



September 23, 2022, Friday

Wells Fargo is a Canaanite bank with ties to the Treasury of China.

The Solstice didn’t work the way they wanted, its over.




                                                                                         P a g e 167 | 167
